All Wolves optometry practices, don't forget to read digest and reply to your PEARs audit that you all should have received in the post.When diagnosing &amp; managing patients, no one expects you to have answers all of the time. Here's Dr Blakeney's advice htIf you notice any of these signs with your children, get them booked in for a sight test #sight test #children You dont have to name letters to have a sight test. The optician can use  for matching tests. to volunteer this Christmas?  are looking for eye health professionals sure you're getting the most out of your contact lenses. Here are some Do(s) and Don't(s) ht Or even your local Optometrist if you are suffering with recent onset eye complaint. PEARs#NHS111 can signpost you to the best place to get you well again, whether thats a walk-in centre, GP or pharmacistWolves LOC PEARs leaflets have arrived, expect a new push in promoting PEARs with local optometry practices and GP's shiney!Why do our eyes have blind spots? via  #EyeHealth are wondering if you can get blind from having #diabetes? CET points online with Optometry in Practice - the new edition is now online, not make it your New Year's Resolution to have an eye test! #glaucoma #eyQuick member reminder, if you don't pay membership by direct debit you'll need to renew by 1 Jan, just access My AOP of hospitals fail to assess vision says first Fall auditensure the best outcome it is essential to detect #glaucoma as early as possible. Make sure you have regular eye tests. #eChest infections are common, especially after a cold or flu during autumn and winter. Treatment advice: drops for #cataracts a step closer with newly identified compound. people believe echinacea can prevent colds. But is there scientific evidence to back this up? Take a look: you can use at home to relieve symptoms of a sore throat: know where to go for advice? NHS choices can help colors? Symptoms | Blurred Vision | Light Sensitivity  have a page of advice to help you get ready for cold winter weather - is an eye condition that causes you to lose central vision up on CET today? Members can access our CET survival pack to make it simple delays launch of illegal practice code patient is aggressive &amp; verbally abusive to your reception team as you're running late. Do you have to see them?   ht. reminds doctors that they need to inform  if patients continue to drive against medical advice does put things in perspective doesn't it? to collect all your #CET points this year - there's no shortfall period   failing to get sight tested Susan Blakeney suggests that we should be advising certain patients on the importance of safety spectacles of people think flu can only last up to 10 days, when it can last up to 2 weeks. Stay home, rest and recoverI've diagnosed 8 cases of acanthamoeba in contact lens wearers in the last 6 wks! #ContactLens wearers please don't get tapNew for 2016 - a new Wolves LOC website - please let us know of things you would like the website to feature.It is particularly important to have regular eye tests if you have a close relative with #glaucoma #eScreen time is damaging our visual health, warn opticians via  survey with an #eye infection? PEARS is a free service available from accredited #opticians in #Wolverhampton of cures is wrong and misleading Be well informed eye test makes visual health easier to monitor at home or by doctors who can't afford expensive equipment. left blind in one eye after drone propeller sliced his eyeball in half pictured | Daily Mail Online  head of education and standards, Marcus Dye, on the end of the 201315 CET cycle News: No shortfall period at end of GOC CET cycle online screening offered to children human #eye is estimated to have the resolution equivalent of 576 megapixels. #EyeFactRanibizumab Deemed Major Advance for Diabetic Retinopathy project into ageing helps keep an eye on the welfare of over 50s  are those weirdy floaters you can see? #WeirdFloaters rarely used feared to be a 'forgotten art'office remains closed today while we unpack in our new Farringdon offices. Apologies for any inconvenience.Watch How Contact Lenses Were Manufactured In The 1940s And Feel Your Eyes Burn eye test could help diagnose Parkinsons before physical symptoms begin. Local eye care companies secure host of contractscontact lens care is essential sure what we mean by DAISY? Well, now you know: #BooksChangeLives just hasnt found what shes looking for on  #eyehealth #NOC2015 Blog of the population believe antibiotics cure colds and flu, when in fact colds and flu are viral infections so antibiotiRegional LOC Company now delivering glaucoma, cataract and MECs services in  following AQP success a good weekend, but if you need GP advice when your surgery is closed dial 111 #NHS111. is set to move into its new Farringdon offices next week surface of your eye contains many nerves, which makes it very sensitive to any scratch or foreign body on the front of If a corneal foreign body is metal, a small ring of rust may form around it and this may also need to be removed. #EyeHealthIf the object is stuck under your lid, this is called a sub-tarsal foreign body, which may cause scratches to the surface oIf the object becomes stuck on the cornea  the front window of your eye  this is called a corneal foreign body. #EyeHealthAn ocular foreign body is a common condition; a small particle (such as a piece of grit or small rust particle) becomes stuMoorfields' eye condition of the week is an ocular foreign body. #EyeHealth #MoorfieldsSTUDENTS: Application deadline for the January OSCE examinations is 4 Dec poignant reminder how diabetes can cause blindness. Remember to... from  the and  to mark Road Safety Week &amp; #CardiovascularDisease is there a connection? to breach confidentiality for unsafe drivers causes keratoconus? use associated with reduced risk of developing open-angle glaucoma #diabetes. delays launch of illegal practice aimed at online contact lens retailers small doses of atropine are effective at slowing the progression of myopia in children, says new research ways make-up can harm your eyes with research from 38 million A&amp;E opens at Wolverhampton's New Cross Hospital - #Wolverhampton news via GoogleAs a Keeler trained service centre we can service and repair all of your Keeler Instruments #keelerDiabetes education can change lives. But access need improving. Join #TakingControl now of CET points still pending, warns GOC ( to report patients unfit to drive to DVLA: community optical practices have important role to play too you had a chance to download our new patient leaflets? They're free to members &amp; are accredited by  #blind woman who switched personalities and could suddenly see via up to 15 CET points with a two day ticket at #OptometryTomorrow. Less than 3 weeks to get 50% off tickets updated guidance on #glaucoma diagnosis and management: the new 38m emergency care unit at New Cross Hospital  #Wolverhampton patients see optician for minor eye probs: convenient, cheaper, less call on secondary care about patient confidentiality and the DVLA? Members can access advice on driving and the DVLA on our website https://t.