Nudity empowers some. Modesty empowers others. Different things empower different women and it's not your place to telThe Reality of Calling Yourself a Feminist goals  you wanna watch the #DemDebate but have Xmas parties to attend, put the debate on at the party and give the gift ofkitten so excited for my solo this year I'm bawling  I want in life is to see justin do what makes you feel good about yourself when the abuser is an "attractive" woman. Men are right up there dismissing the fact it's rape.Underage boys are still protected by age laws of consent. Stop erasing that. People are so quick to dismiss young male victiJulia: "I'll unfollow you on Instagram if you get a strike"  is ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. She was laying down.... size pants do you wear..... LEGGINGSMy plans for Christmas break they're like the snow, beautiful but cold when you look like that, I've never ever wanted to be so badI'm actually crying  to the boyfriends who love their girlfriends unconditionally while she's still learning to love herself. y'all are aYOU DON'T KNOW THE SONG "BIGGER" DON'T BOTHER BUYING PURPOSE TICKETS. obsessed with pvris right nowWANT way to my heart I am, telling her something that could destory her faith in humanity. And somehow, she manages to repair a little piecshe needs to tuck in her strings  signs as justin bieber: LIBRA to win a girls heart u realize a girl u can't stand liked bae's pic TRASHtell me was it worth it, we were so perfectYes please are white people so worried about how "suspicious" Muslims look when their children look like this http://t.co/ID18ZJRgpGBe with someone who is good for your mental healthWISH I COULD LOOK CUTE THIS WEEK BUT NO IM IN PLUMBINGwhy do boys think calling u an "angry feminist" is an insult like fuck yeah im a feminist and fuck yeah im angry, what abDonald Trump is like a cartoon character who always wears the same outfitI'm actually really nervous about tomorrow's auditions for Grease"Boys don't like it when u -""It's really not lady like when u -""You'll never find a man if u -" illnesses are real and valid. i hate that i still subconsciously care what people say about me like my self esteem shouldn't be affected by anythiREPRE FUCKING SENT  THE CHEETAH GIRLS. I still bop to this.   can't find one campaign about violence against women that isn't completely destroyed by men and trollsChristmas pajamas &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so adorable  a dancer  board I'm handling life rn does one become  during Christmas are so funny because brands are so desperate it's like BUY OUR TOOTHBRUSH ITS A GREAT GIFTGirl learns that to date a hot popular guy she must change appearance completely #ExplainAFilmPlotBadly #YesAllWomen true whenever someone brings up feminism at school tlc commercial with monte from say yes to the dress crying about being bullied makes me SO EMOTIONALsigns as demi lovato lyrics libra  quiet as nails libra love this  day.. be the worlds best (and only)  plumber with winged eyeliner this week if you want me to instantly fall in love with you just tape this palette to your face like vs because it's the only way I can wear a sweatshirt and leggings to school without looking lazyi can't   Stop using women to degrade other women.2. Both women are worth the same.3. Your misogyny is unpleasant. of girls who wear no makeup and still slayTaking off fake eyelashes is one of the most satisfying feelings everhe's always so cute &amp; i am so obnoxious but somehow it works ex vs me board: rosy IF UR COFFEE IS WHITE BC IT HAS SO MUCH CREAM IN IT, ITS NOT COFFEE ITS COFFEE FLAVORED MILKIf you remember when Justin was on True Jackson VP and crashed an ambulance you've been here a long time back at ya bud  just gonna keep retweeting this  think the thing my mom says to me the most is "don't put the wine glass in the dishwasher"...glad i didnt die before i met you what a Christmas miraclelove this lame kid    VIDEOS OF JUSTIN SINGING NOTHING LIKE US OMG HE LOOKS SO SAD IM EMOTIONALtoday was so boringreveal yourself to me, on this dark &amp; empty streetmood board me down is making me emotional af rn Happy Birthday #DanielHoltzclaw! You've been gifted with 263 years behind bars, slowly rotting and withering away. http