 - Star WarsThe pass was so smoove still fire look like a bald eagle with an attitude  your parents tell you to be home early will forever be relevant Star Wars was a great movie. 11/107 days till Christmas can't stop us  to school like http://t.co/KtMSDW09tg- Wifi... Why must you be difficult during NetflixALREADY IRONED  &amp; Kanye - Ni**as in Paris  basketball games can get intense real quick- Do what makes you happy Part 34 I'm in a Show Hole  the Ripper comes to Assassin's Creed Syndicate. Check out the new 360 trailer now:Khaled on his girl getting pregnant   me God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17When daddy late on child support payments  drop her"  COP NEVER MISSES CARDIO OR LEG DAY  I GOT TIME CUZ #THROWBACK till we find part 2  is why Gerald Green's brother Garlon doesn't play in the NBA  to save a life  his dentist NOW!  http://t.co/WwlMzQRR6ZBefore vs after you feed ur girl lmao he dipped GPA with a stick* u ok? me at all the Christmas money I received    vs healthy heat at 23 in finals 27 PPG6.6 APG6.4 RPG43.3%Curry vs injured Cavs at 26 in finals:26 PPG6.3The #Gotham gang have a message for their UK fans. Watch this space for an exact date UK, Gothamites! Matrixxxxxxx original roast  no chill I want my mood to be everyday to be OBJ like BOY BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT HIS WHOLE LIFE   your dog wants to take a selfie  my whole family over at  I love y'all I grew up listening. and grew as a artist when I was young comin up theThat look!   Edd &amp; Eddy I need answers bruh (pt. 1) do you mean? this bitch here  just made my whole day  to see if bae is still mad at you out professor evaluations after exams like    Week Of College Versus The Last Weeks Of The Semester  do they sound exactly like the backyardigins?  - Ridiculous"You gotta new one everyday boy I'm tryna get like you" I AM  is going to release a new song addressing his current situation with Kidney Cancer. Cole - Black Friday Khalifa ft. Travis ScottBake Sale This is on Cabin Fever 3 Westbrook makes large donation for UCLA practice facilityhave only a few thousand years left. don't want us to be motivated by Dj Khaled, they don't. we will overcome this tho. #BlessUp  if you feel this way sometimes is just chilling with a flat tire. Being unreliable and such. #strandedAndy Dalton couldn't motivate me to make a sandwich Secret models be like    your whole squad is in class and your teacher says you can work in groups: you trip and your spaghetti falls out your pocket. #relatable #ihatewhenthishappen... (Vine by  only ONE YEARS OLD TRYING TO ORDER MCDONALDS  it shawty- Lloyd https://t.co/wpCXRUklcZ