Cookie #2: brownie cookies like getting an A in a class you're taking pass/fail. Cookie number one. Not original, but always popular #chocolatechip cookie day! for what? (not that I won't take it)remember to say thank you people. Ask a favor, get said favor, say thank you. #thatisallApparently there is a certain advanced age at which one should stop writing Christmas letters. #depressing nice. We were there a couple years ago and food was just so so nice! Where?Hey just heard Tinker Street is taking reservations for NYE. And milktooth too. What is everyone doing that night?Hey statistics, I'm totally over you I wish. My son is extremely allergic to cashews.I know this is probably an impossibility, but favorite vegan kid-friendly recipes (they aren't super picky eaters though)? #hopeGreen tea kit kat..apparently very popular in Japan. One of Hubby's Japanese employees brought it for the morning folks: What's your absolute number 1 favorite lunch spot in #indy? what do you get there? stop.  favorite things?Don't say "my house" or I'll have to kill you.Random: what's your absolute number 1 favorite place to eat lunch in #indy? no it's not.Stop putting peppermint in everything.This is sorta awesome... Need to hear a Christmas song RIGHT NOW? Here you go: brand new spot in Indy you guys! New Blog Post: Happy Birthday! I wish you fine food and drink. nope, not this friend.whatever works! I just can't figure out why my son refers to one of his friends by his last name exclusively--he's 10is there an official age when boys start referring to each other by their last names?Kill it with fire. many reasons, you should get in here sooner rather than later. #burgers #oysterrolls @  agreed! Can't wait to see!Whoa! Good luck  We'll miss you there but can't wait to see the next adventure! yes Indian food   whoaTotally found hubby's Christmas present. #growemandeatem what kind do you have? what kind? Do you like it? What do you use it for? General pros/cons?who has a griddle built in to their range top?Hmmm.. Parking lots downtown are tough. Unless you do a hotel w/valet? Cerulean perhaps? just asked Siri how old I was. It's worth it. I think if you pay the paper down there you can read the "whole" story. I did not though.Just saw that Restaurant Tallent is closing by the end of the year--surpised by this! off the beaten path as far as cuisine or location?Driving to school today. Me: that dude is in a convertible..with the top down. Daughter: he's probably voting for Trump. #sumsitup #idiocy My son (4th grade) loves Spirit Animals series. that is a delicious sandwich. We are going this weekend for sure. thanks. you guys still doing ramen at lunch once a week? What day? thanks! Let me know what you think. Blaze Pizza opening 100th location in Indy. Free Pizza for everyone Thurs. Email sent! - Josh hmmm.. Georgia Reese's could certainly accommodate a large group.. not sure if anyone is doing special brunch that day tho I don't get email addresses with comments. Just whatever name they use. yes. It is just annoying because they keep resubmitting the comment.Hey, if you've been to Marrow, come on over and tell me what you had....the person who keeps trying to post a comment on an old post claiming that their old boss is a jerk/pervert/criminal: not gonna happen. We were there Sat. the 28th. Did you have anything different that you really liked?As promised: brand new and I liked it! New Blog Post: new post on a brand new place...coming tomorrow!And to follow our   dinner, we're having the cookie. At least they're still available from   you're the best I just went as well. I really liked tartare...haven't had goose's though.Now that we have noodles....and tacos...can we get a place with both? #alwayswantingmore  well, that's good to hear! And I just got tickets in the 7th row! W00-hoo! I am one of the 1% of Americans who actually can't stand musical theater. But I do love my daughter.  heard its good thodigging on the pretty plateware a lot of restaurants seem to be using these days. Nice to not just see white. for a Wednesday matinee of Wicked for my daughter while we're in SF. Musical theater SHALL NOT mess with any of my meals.you guys eating anywhere/cooking anything good this weekend? yes. It's kinda sadGood local restaurant options within walking distance of the Hyatt downtown? Why am I drawing a blank? The real problem is, it's a lie. If you REALLY "thought and prayed" about gun violence, your brain would melt and hUni spoon treats! @ Milktooth  very cool! Glad you liked it! I did, it's been awhile since I was on it--are they still active?Oh no...  did you see, looks like Greeks pizza going into your old space. Application for liquor license in window.sounds itchy.   for sure. They've done a few. Just thought you guys might have some brilliant ideas. :)Hooray! @ Murat Theater   yeah he's done raku several times, looking for something new. #firstworldproblems   doesn't have to be vegetarian per se as long as there are good veggie optionsGood places to go in Vegas when you have a group of 30 people with several vegetarians?   In a new restaurant. And it's not freezing!!! Already a winner in my book. yeah they have cool looking new bar/tapas type thing going. Not sure it's ideal with kids. because you have a private account. oy. we'll be with the kids...so I think I'll skip the drunk girls. Looks like there's some good food though.Looks like Latitude 360 is closed and reason doesn't look good. stealing your pic to repost since I can't retweet you.  ahhh...that does not look good.