Every college kid after finishing exams SUMMARY OF HOW THIS SEMESTER WENT FOR ME you and Tyler literally called this the day we ate at CFA before Colton's state game!when you look good in a snapchat and they dont reply  *before I take my first bite*Mom: is it good?New Beginnings out teacher evaluations Lately stresses me outCrushed It. also I don't want everyone to read the nice things you have to say. one of the mysteries of life I suppose Cole and I are texting too.and I say the exact same thing at the same time at least 732 times a day but to clarify I did hear you. to which text? your Christmas tree after finals stressedtomorrow: stressednext week: stressednext month: stressednext year: stressednext life: stressed"Success is achieved when you are ignorant to the fact that failure is an option.""Do your homework" hairstyle for school until christmas break wow thanksAs I was driving, I started freaking out because I thought I lost my keysWhen no one in your group participates on the project didn't know what Netflix and chill meant until the other day when she saw a meme of spongebob saying it to Sa nooooo he has bad hair I know you know that I made those mistakes maybe once or twice and by once or twice I mean maybe a couple a hundred times is it too late now to say sorry for doing that? doesn't like when I apologize using bieber's lyrics to sorry.stuDYING. to 2015 TAPPS DII Football Champions: Ft. Worth Christian #TAPPSChamps that happened to me once!I've been terrible at adulting"Do you and  ever talk anymore?" "Ummm did you wake up breathing this morning" #duhshesmytwinme trying to save my grades this week are in the double digits now  Still 99 days too many though AND I BOUGHT THE SAME SHIRT ON THE SAME DAY AND DIDN'T KNOW OMG OUR BRAINS ARE CONNECTEDJust found out Busta Rhymes is not related to Leann. #majorletdown the screenshot invention was very dangerous for our friendship *FALLING out of bed.   thanks for letting the world see my poor word choice. I meant...the shenanigans that was going on whilst trying to go to sleep that would lead to said accident. Nothing more.Danielle loves all things cats but hates actual cats..Where is  tailgate. I am not amused by this..... what! I don't even know how to use those. She hasn't sent me one.where can i download motivation gosh I am so proudMe trying to balance my responsibilties... do you see yourself in 10 years? boyfriend won't let me" well maybe if you like clean your room and ask again he'll say yes?"Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun! 2 Corinthians 5:17Maybe shes born with itmaybe itscaffeine! episode of Grey's Anatomy makes me want to cry.Keep people in your life who challenge you to be better. Iron sharpens iron.I just want my bestfriend.I didn't do any of itTold myself I was going to go to bed early. Then  and I stayed up all night. confirmed.I told myself I was gonna go to bed early tonight lol oh and trap queen well you are like the grammar queen forgot to put period after Timberlake. Ugh. sorry didn't know it was in sync. Someone needs to call Justin TimberlakeSometimes...okay all the time  and I get on random text rampages and it would just make more sense if we were roommates. times like this show how necessary it is we live together yes so we can talk about the study of mathematics over cheese and olive pizza I was worried because I would not be able to rescue you with a 7 hour drive standing between us. Kaylea. You are not a mosquito.One time a container of bacon bits fell on Danielle's head and it still cracks me up closed the fridge and wamo there you were. Spying on me.I'm not sure who will be who, but there is a 100% chance this will be us in March  I didn't know anyone was watching  I should have known.I get worried when  doesn't text back immediately. Like is she okay? is she making other friends? Is she avoiding me?Soul Sisters I feel like this should semi be clarifiedIs running out of coffee grounds God's way of telling me to go to Starbucks? is that really even a question?Thx 4 the cute pic, mom!!!! please no. I should have skyped into thanksgiving dinner and eaten my left overs and why are we talking about this at the table. what have I done that's weird excuse me what!Work Hard, So You Can ShopHarder. I am on episode 2