My fans is the real ones I love this all major s !!!wanna go on a road trip with someone i connect with on every level is going on in the PSG game... with a screamer! Get this FREE app to watch all LIVE goals years ago today. Morgan. white people cant rap? What's this? to lose a court case in 26 seconds  the nizzle before chrismizzle and all through the hizzle' of Vin Diesel Rupert Grint: people don't have culture" oh please gets the 3-1 win vs Sunderland in 1st match without Jose Mourinho. with -'s are stupid. What's an A-.. Minus what? I got a A. It's in the A range. It's an A. Stop A shaming. All As WHO MADE THIS  obsessed with sunsets  so gorgeous worry mate, we will lose on purpose v Norwich and you'll be here next week" vet suggested a shirt instead of a cone for my cat. Fun Fact: Most Cats wear baby sizes 0-3 months." if ur confused  got no chill Anotha-Wan Kenobi deserves to be the #MissWorld2015 Hard luck Miss Lebanon Valerie Abou Chacra can she not win?#MissWorld2015 The winner is Miss Spain Miss Lebanon is a goddess  #MissWorld2015 Mourinho wants Manchester United to be his next job, sources tell  HS football player Zaevion William Dobson was killed Friday as he shielded three girls from gunfire: on a huge milestone!  makes his 300th #Bundesliga appearance in #H96FCB v Wenger... marketing for this film is so on point.  Chelsea look like they actually want to play football. 2-0 after 12 minutes.GOAL! Ivanovic! #CFCLiveGOAL! Pedro!  #CFCLiveDamn they be putting new anime episodes out fast as shit! This episode JUST aired in Japan, who subbed it &amp; put it online so quickly? Finals week is the real Nightmare Before Christmas.Ready to take my last final of 2015 her: if you miss I can go through your phoneme: your girl hasn't been loyal you overhear a Star Wars spoiler in the break room. #TISC this is random but last year I had to borrow money for my daughters xmas gifts but because of yall, this year we xtra  vs night is the money dog, retweet in the next 24 hours and money will come your way!! need to play this  vvvenla_art (IG) khaleds full name is Khaled ibn Abdul Khaled, so basically his name is Khaled Khaled. when his mom named him, he was like an#FridayLeaderboardCurry is still at a career-best 32 PPG for  PPG Leaders: if you don't like Call of Duty this is a sick edit. him he could be anything... he chose a panda. He then regretted his decision Air Jordan 1 KO BRED Drops Overseas First - SMASHED THAT CHICK  What you want?Justin Beiber: I just wanna make America great againBarber: Say no more think that and the anxiety that comes with it held me back socially for a long time. And i'm still trying to get better wWhen she starts wearing more and going out less NETWORK SOME FOOLS FOR MAKING FUN OF WHITE PEOPLE LIKE THIS  think i've been plagued with overthinking everything for just about my whole life. Even childhood poor frog I love the sky  what? 28 years over a nightmare. SCREAMING  a damn minute  ya wifi password?" You fuckin?"No" Well prosper on that 4g service thenYALL NEED TO CHILL there's a group project but you do all the work. UP BRUH  Lin cooked tonight! Maryland  remixes his song to remind us how dominant the Warriors are. boost 350 look at the 'Tan' #YeezyBoost 350   you want the force to be with you for a successful Black #YeezyBoost purchase Sur, CA Details On The Nike Air Force 1 - lit  A major  is to be fresh &amp; feel good about yourself #wethebest #anotherone #theydontwantyouto  mother  Jr. Makes it look so easy Football Club and Jose Mourinho have today parted company by mutual consent. coming to an across the world HOUSE COMES TO NETFLIX FEBRUARY 26th Chalmers owes everyone in this video a fade https://t.co/7QyVv5lyi1