IKEA treats women better than our own government does. Fiction (1994) this rate, nothing beats the Class of 2016 ily thank u Good news! I saw a dog today! Will Ferrell ElfGrandma is me congrats!!! thanks Shannon   squadmas 2016 at Carlos's house EVERYONE FLEX AT CARLOS'S HOUSE!!! ADDRESS ABOVE AND HE'S OUT OF TOWN!! BYOB LETSSSSS GOOOO!!!! congrats Carlos Dartmouth probably like YOU THOUGHT CASE  15 year old HS football player Zaevion Dobson was killed Friday as he shielded three girls from gunfire Prayers up life in a nutshell Enough said LMAO thank youuuu ily  congrats on Fordham! The UK top 40 looks like it's arguing with itself my favorite thing ever  u rock Carlos got full credit people who's names i do not call must delete my number and remain in 2015. have the smartest friends I don't care what anyone says thank you   #NU(4)20 it's lit (congrats much proud) you make me CRY  thanks bby  thank you Sarah  thank youuu Second college acceptance :-) man rents out theater for #StarWars screening, donates seats to children at hospital with flower crowns boys at charter when they haven't said nigga in 5 seconds already crying tbh Yeeeeeeet   30% of Republicans want to bomb Agrabah, the made-up home of Disneys Aladdin color aesthetic leave badly filled in eyebrows in 2015Honestly such a groovy song wtf you to  for putting this dude on the cover. to real music! dad is salty af that he didn't get AC/DC tickets in timeY'all please please say a prayer for  . There's nothing really wrong with her, she's just acting extra whitfirst college acceptance  congrats!!! So happy for you :-)!!!  When Ultraviolence starts playing on your dad's shuffle in the car is ur avi ur senior pic     Look at the cutest, smartest, most moisturized couple to ever run this country http://t.co/7EgCqzL3q5When you're filling out a multiple choice test and realize you answered D-A-B for your last three questions  truWhy did Justin Bieber's album have to be so  new family photo - Merry Christmas from The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George and Princess Charlotte httpThe UGH! video is an indie version of Hotline Bling and I thoroughly enjoy itSomeone please get my dog psychiatric help. THREE OF THE COLLEGES I'VE APPLIED TO HAVE MISPLACED MY INFORMATION I DON'T EVEN UNDERSTANDAM I THE ONLY ONE WHO NEEDS A SLANT ON MY PENCIL SO I CAN WRITE GOOD LMAO don't want you to enjoy Star Wars. 1975- UGH! @ me   this is for literally every movie you watchyour everyday tweet of Shaq saying barbecue chicken to distract the other team.  Support Bernie Sanders, awaken the force! You're our only hope Obi Wan"Jimmmmmmmmm historical fictionThat time in 1989 when Michael Jackson wanted Eddie Murphy to extend the microphone stand for him. hey, bitch, it's meWhat better way to start christmas break than by christmas treeing a testFord, because makeup has no gender: DJKhaled was Cuban... #snapchat #djkhaled you wake up to check the clock one minute before your alarm you finish your APES midterm in 30 minutes because 90% of it was on material you haven't learned I am laughing wayyyyy too much at this    Khaled's plants be like: is great http://t.co/gS1BjETGcSThis hit me hard http://t.co/tneh7cnqkr