Being HIGH as fuck out in public.. Butler and Gasol are the 1st Bulls trio to score 30 in the same game since Jordan, Pippen and Kukoc in 1996. fights start  ur comfortably in bed but ur mom calls u http://t.co/9DhghJH0SABruh straight eating the tazer  Nigga aint retired from being a fuck boy yet. ordered a fucking outkast phone case this is what they sent me who the fuck are these people. Now I'm mad. http://t.I use to watch this hoe all the time  friday night: how black women talk on the phone cus they don't like to listen smh  Faulk was the truthI can't stand a mf who don't know how ta stfu &amp; listen bruh..This monkey was really throwing hands type of bitch ass nigga hits on the mother of his child in front of his child?shit! - The realest cop in America. I swear my birthday today and this is the best gift so far college ain't for everybody but that's not an excuse to chill and let life pass you by in hopes of stumbling on  don't wanna live here bruh this is a fucked up ass world &amp; it's only getting worse! I don't belong here man lol forced &amp; it's getting outta control man.. of seeing gay shit everywhere too man.. I have nothing against it but gaadamn man!Bunch of dumb asses smhKnowledge is everything.. Idgaf how much money ya got if you don't know shit then what good is it?You young niggas be so busy chasing a check you forget ta get ya damn education...Ready for this OKC/CAVS gameKD &amp; the  face LeBron &amp; the  at 8pm/et on TNT  vs.  at 10:30pm/et on TNT I feel about December in Houston  Rocky &amp; Scott Disick in Chris Brown's new video  your parents don't wait after knocking  http://t.co/ZdptW4gYY5Serge proved that he is CLUTCH #ThunderUp yea kinfolk made world star in a positive wayAye that's live right there mayne lol   and  for joining at stop 3! CNF gave a check to update a HS weight room. #SantaCam #CNF httpJustin took a sip of henny and his stomach said "What do you mean?"  was speaking that real  lol lol yeah you ain't lien it's jammin tho just a different vibeLmao Lil Romeo childish AF twisted that first blunt of the day &amp; finna see what Cabin Fever 3 bout..Sucks being part of a world where it's every man for themselves..Y'all ain't tired of putting "you do what you want when you popping" as a caption? I'm bout tired of seeing the shit.. i love cam man he be spitting in the NFL face lolmy 2015 so far it  this football season went by fast AF.In reality Rondo dgaf, he'll call him a faggot again lmao  matter how big my problems are I know God has a plan for me to be victories. #Thankful  CANT BREATHE 1 Billion loops on NBA  with a checkup from  #NBAvine #VintageVine been in tears for the last 5 minutes! Yoooo to success by Logic  Pimp C nigga Jamie got me dyinghttp://t.co/VVh4lo6REfLmfaoooo look at his legs your card as shown"  I  2007-2010 God for the day!KD look like that teacher that let you play music at the end of every class as long as your work done. http://t.co/C3yShit nasty any ways   CAM! bro another one I'm trynna get like you." a fat blunt &amp; watch the rainMcGregor knocked Aldo ass out so quick last night lol whole damn bar went crazyCam &amp; them Panthers the truth this year mayne can't knock them boysY'all &amp; these shoes lol"I ain't have the baby with you"  either a blessing or a lesson. lmaoo damn g bro on my mama. I got so fucked up at the club kid. Last thing I remember it was 2:49 next thing you knowBruh you serious?  only ONE YEARS OLD TRYING TO ORDER MCDONALDS sold 18,000 copies first week, beating Kid Cudi's first week sales at 15,000 copies still tryna get over Ciara  just getting out of hand now DOUBLE KNOCKOUT!  IS EXTREMEtake your medications one of y'all just kicked that fuckin  Sprite can down here"  not over this poster. way he said "hoe ass shit" was too trill.  gotta be from Texas.  a bitch swears her pussy gon' be the best pussy you ever had. But when you slide in, your dick be like...  https://t.co/uUa08hOoBO