  wow podcast? ~*exciteD*~*~  Id love to see some videos!Im now a 10x programmer. -- presents wrapped and prepared, I am very organised this year.What are some good online multiplayer PS4 games? oh, no. It still uses Java, just an independent one so you dont need to have Java machine-wide.omg minecraft have a non Java launcher now??hi, recognizing a trans woman's womanhood isn't contingent on surgery, specific presentation, or good behaviour.Oh it looks like Steam takes up 50GB so I can get some awesome space back :) ah cool, I totally glossed over the all files thing, cheersIs there a nice way to find all the big files / folders in OSX, so I can delete them? Or do I just search through everything manually? ive only had this laptop for 6 months. damn :| how do I stop them being so mean? time for some spring cleaningI only have 98GB of storage free on this computer. I dont even have many files or anything. Silly me for getting the 250GB macbook. ~*~*~magical healing waves~*~*~10 days off.Day 1: TV &amp; Bed Day. Work with pypa? Help them with some documentation!  it is also in my best interest to do this  dont worry  I have all of them :)  steve  we met for the first time properly about a year ago, happy friendship anniversary!!On by default,  has just genuinely improved my life.[ALT: Do Not Disturb has come to Slack]  THANK YOU FOR SUBSCRIBING TO THIS SERVICE, TEXT VAJAZZLE TO STOP. I am now freaked out by my own  eyeballs, thanks lil JennDeploying, listening to biggie feat. thomas the tank engine on full blast. My team is wonderful. its unfortunately not a viable option as I work in London and live a distance outside of it, too early to wake up! accidental okay im looking for this. did you ever see the genitals in a cup story?Its very tempting to start work at 7am every day when its so quiet in the office. i just woke up :( i hope you can get some sleeeeep YES. Im up for the day so if you could catch up on my sleep thatd be great hullo hullo yohello 4am people! heard they were having a fork-baroquegrammer contest at  so i made real quick    oh no no, go for it! I will find some way to make this clearer, thanks for the feedback     hai! Ive always considered it both :) Sorry for the billion tweets, have a good evening and keep up the good work! Happy to look over a couple issues this weekend if you ping me. can totally see why you feel your just paraphrasing.   I will write a guide on writing issues at some point I swear, as its more than a readme but   but most of us approach things at too high a level, because we forget to simplify things :)   there are levels of good issues. Big projects are okay at it, hoodie and pouched are good in parts   but people are actually putting the effort to explain things better now too   A part of it is definitely tweeting about things, awesome, I think Ill tweet about this tomorrow afternoon if thats cool with you? Thanks so much for writing it! oh god :( ugh I didnt mean sphinx, I meant Pypa, sorry :) I think it is, i just need to check :D how does someone who does not use Sphinx, know how to build the guide? Is it the important notes? :) -- should prob be on my private account but actually I dont care who sees this anymoreoh well, I work with nice people now2 yrs of therapy later and Im still realising the impact it had only my entire existenceI cant talk about my worst job because Im still recovering from it every single damn day Technologists: Can you tell me about your worst job in tech? DMs are open if you prefer privacy.RT for reach?  a rangeI stopped letting men invade my personal space for a whole year, and this is what I learned... #every its actually  fault for sending it to me :P ooo  totally up for this :)  np, it just means I have little reason to go which is a good thing!! I wont be watching it most likely :)I have to be up at 4am tomorrow so should NOT go to Pub Standards but I DO ENJOY torturing myself with no sleep...Oh yes!!! My first Xmas present (provided by     anyone going to PS today and if so what time? haha *shouldnt be watching should I have put a spoiler alert? I think 16 years is enough time right?my first experience of violence in movies was Episode One with the lightsaber to the neck thing. I was 8 and I probably should be watchingI would like to watch the new Star Wars movie but Ive only seen the bad three and the first good one" hehe :D i love it when he says expecto patronum!! and kills all the Jedisjar jar binx is the best character in star trek write a deployment rap to perform tomorrow Nah Im failing to go to sleep tho literally just got one, makes me feel so guiltyWHO SHOULD BE PRESIDENT????!!!!RT FOR PINGULIKE FOR DONALD TRUMP  Even neil degrasse tyson can make jokes at the expense of Mental Health.  Everyone is problematic.   totally agree. Like I said, some of them were great :)  R E C O R D I T not sure if I will ask them, but if you know of any other meet ups in the London-ish area! and its not as if its a diverse line up that can be encouraging either, but thats a discussion for a pub in the future :) some of them are encouraging though