Saraki: Senate President assures Nigerians of transformational economic policies in 2016: He said that the cur... Reps Speaker appeals for more patience with APC government: The Speaker stated that Buhari was facing ... Fashek: Ragge icon set the stage ablaze at the Afropolitan Vibes: Reggae veteran Majek Fashek is sending... (11): Ele Ezemuo, you are welcome, Iheoma greeted, quickly correcting herself from calling the Ezemu... Lauds FGs Enthusiasm In Tackling Maritime Insecurity: The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), General Gabriel O... appoints Nigerian journalist on US Human Trafficking Council: United States President, Barrack Obama has... appeals for more patience with APC government: Nigerians will begin to reap the dividends of promises m... Singer set to perform at Miss Universe beauty pageant: Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel, better known by h... Emeka ike is only eyeing the money of the guild says AGN president: The dust obviously hasnt settl... Ex-President lauds Abia govt on infrastructural development: He urged the government to pay attentio... Buhari: Wife of President calls for women empowerment: She said that Islam was not against women empower... Warns DISCOs To Adhere To safety Standards: All Electricity Distribution Companies in the country have b... Appoint Hiddink As Interim Manager: Two days after Chelsea sacked Jose Mourinho, the Blues have confir... Protest Non-promotion Of Staff In FUTO: Staff of the Federal University of Technology, Owerri (FUTO) ha... are passionate about future of children in Lagos, says Ambode: Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Satu... Chief Medical Director says 5,000 babies are born yearly with ear defects: Oke said that the surgery t... Birthday: Aisha Abimbola, Lola Alao are a year older: Both Nollywood actress are well-known for thei... Rivers governor presents N307bn budget for 2016: He said that in the recurrent expenditure, N55 billion ... Elections: LG election records low turnout: Security operatives were present in all the election venues ... Army chief commutes death sentence on soldiers to imprisonment: The soldiers were arraigned on severa... Is Committed To Nigerians Interests  Saraki: The Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, says the Senate... Arrest Ship Laden With Suspected Crude Oil: The Nigerian Navy has arrested a ship loaded with 670 metric ... Offers Free Medical Outreach In Plateau: The National Agency for the Control of AIDS (NACA) has embarked ... Inaugurates 200 Traffic Officers In Anambra: Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, has commissioned th... troops, Boko Haram clash in Buratai, army chiefs village: Boko Haram gunmen launched a dawn raid Sat... Hiddink appointed interim Chelsea manager: Guus Hiddink has been appointed Chelsea manager until th... Nigerians should expect transformational economic policies- Saraki: "As I said, the general challenging ... Nigerians deported from Italy,Belgium: Twenty eight Nigerians were on Thursday deported for residing in thr... criminal charges against MTN, musician pleads with NCC: Mr Omenuwoma Dovie, a musician popularly know... Songz: See all sexy photos of R&amp;B singer at Pepsi Rhythm Unplugged: Trey Songz thrilled most member of hi... Commission revokes licences of 84 inactive capital market operators: It said that the CMOs accounts had ... Division: Army donates food items, gifts to widows, wives of officers on battlefield: Edet said that the ge... Abuja musician begs NCC to withdraw charges against telco: The letter dated Dec. 17 and addressed to the ... Savage: Singer serenades Army officials in Lagos: Tiwa had the Army officials and their families dancing ... Joshua: Meet SCOAN Prophet's 22-yrs old daughter who is a lawyer: According to an interview with the young ... Govt, Labour Union At Dispute Over Acknowledgement Endorsement Form: The Imo State government has reacted ... trains as Enrique denies Barca conspiracy: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique denied bizarre claims of a consp... : Drive with caution, FRSC tells motorists: The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Lekki, Lagos, ha... into Buharis govt not reason for Biafra agitation, Igbo Youths tells leaders: Igbo youths Saturda... Devotion December 19, 2015: Pastor, How Are You Doing? (2): The good shepherd lays down his life for th... Remedies: Eedris Abdulkarim, Tony Tetuila, Eddie Montana reunite: The trio reunited for an awesome perform... Boko Haram terrorises Army Chiefs hometown again: In other reports, there are allegations of killing... Rivers: Navy expresses readiness to check illegal oil bunkering: He also promised to ensure that the gas ge... Elections: Gov. Dickson advises Sylva to concede defeat: He said that he was the leading candidate in ... Reviews Death Sentence For 66 Soldiers To Jail Terms: The Nigerian Army has commuted judgement in the cas... people have thousands of job-creating investments outside Igboland: The Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Ache... has gone commercial, single men protest in Japan: Anti-Christmas protesters calling themselves "Lose... Mourinho to stay in London: Jose Mourinho will remain in London despite being sacked by Chelsea on... to stay in London while job-hunting: Jose Mourinho will remain in London despite being sacked by Che... defeat, Dickson tells Sylva: Gov. Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa has called on his main opponent in the in... Singer devastated over brothers death: It is really sad to know that the popular controversial singer... Horoscope - Saturday, December 19, 2015: What your Zodiac sign says today: Here's a short forecast for t... Ex-Minister for petroleum alleged plots to flee UK unveiled: It was further gathered that investigato... ready with budget of change  Presidency: By Henry Umoru ABUJA- AHEAD of the presentation of 2016 App... is fostering a one-party state on Nigeria  PDP: The governors forum of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP... Family, friends felicitate with President Buhari on his 73rd Birthday: Family and Friends felicitating... smash suspected cultists during initiation rites: SIX students of the Delta State University, DELSU, Ab... Union to send 5,000-strong force to Burundi: The African Union will send a 5,000 strong force to stop ... joke: S. Korean presidential hopeful apologises to Nigerian: Racist joke: S. Korean presidential hopefu... reviews petrol price template downward: The Federal Government has commenced a downward review of the curre... tasks civil servants on corruption: By Joseph Erunke ABUJANATIONAL Chairman of All Progressives Congre... Vibes: Majek Fashek, Naeto C, Brymo, Ayo Awosika collapse stage at end of year edition: The monthl... Rhythm Unplugged: Femi Otedola, Niyi Adebayo, Ycee, Basket Mouth and others on the blue carpet: Celebrit... orders payment of workers leave bonus: Governor Olusegun Mimiko of Ondo state has ordered the immediate... short men have fewer lovers: SHORT men really do miss out on sex, according to a study. Researchers lookin... Songz: Singer gives amazing performance in Nigeria: The singer thrilled fans at The 2015 Pepsi Rhythm Unp... Music: Tekno - 'Maria' ft Selebobo: Tekno wraps u his year with his new single 'Maria', with Selebobo on t... Nyovest: Rapper shares 'unseen' parts of Cape Town in 'Le Mpitse' video: Cassper Nyovest wanted to sho... Music: Ovation Carol All Stars  'Happy People': The all-star cast this year includes Oritsefemi, Aramide,... Music: Ric Hassani  'Gentleman': This lets Ric Hassani tell you why you deserve a gentleman. Listen and d... fuel subsidy now  Tinubu: Former governor of Lagos state, now National leader of All Progressives Congr... Jostle for Eunisell Shirt Sponsorship Deal: Three clubs in the Nigeria Professional Football League are ... kicks, as A-Court nullifies Akwa Ibom Gov election: THE Abuja Division of the Court of Appeal, yesterday, ... abducts two Catholic priests in Delta: SUSPECTED gunmen, yesterday abducted two Catholic Priests at Obi... Speaker, Ikuinyi Owaji-Ibani resigns: Speaker of the Rivers state House of Assembly,  Hon Ikuinyi Owaji... Music: Jahborne - 'Easy road': 'Easy Road is just a teaser for what is to come from this musician in 2016. Singer is dark and haunting for 'Eyan Mayweather' video: The visual shot by Unlimited L.A is a dark, ... Dencia cried her heart out: Controversial singer and beauty entrepreneur, Dencia, attracts attention the w... What inspired Olympic team to victory: But for the timely intervention of the Minister of Sports and... EPL stars up for transfer this January: They are coming to a club near you. A host of household names find ... Joshua, Joseph Babalola: Nigerian pastors listed among world's most famous prophets: T.B. Joshua, Pastor of... displaces Davido as the most nominated artiste for tooxclusive Awards 2015: As Nigerias leading onlin... to woo IBB, Ekwueme, Atiku, Ciroma for 2019 elections: FOLLOWING its defeat at the  March 28  Presidential... behind my semi-nude no bra day photos  Dimplez: By Kehinde Ajose Seun Akinnuga, a.k.a Dimplez, took... We dont support corruption  PDP: FOLLOWING its defeat at the March 28 Presidential election and ... newest kids on the block: Young Bobby and Lexeye: Some people are of the opinion that stars are born, and... Buhari: Accolade as President's daughter turns 21: The stunning young lady shared new photos via Twitter... Of Rivers State Assembly Ikunyi Awaji-Ibani Resigns: The Speaker of the Rivers State House of Assembly... Security Council Agrees Syria Peace Process Resolution: The five permanent of the UN Security Council have ... Says No Fresh Petroleum Subsidy In 2016: The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation believes there will ... https://t.co/Udi1s2ep0s