1st of many I hope! Great win today against a tough side.  with another goal  Match winner  takes great pleasure from #WBABOU victory: #afcb Why will Gosling miss Palace?Berahino? so did I....Suits the rest of the stadium, then.  our penis is famous I meant your cock mate. Can we take a moment to show some love to Eddie Howe? Another injury with Josh King in warmup &amp; Bournemouth still pick up anFair play mate, it's massive. Hope you got it back. #AFCB  I thought morinho was at the Brighton v middsboro game?????  one at OT, too  This sums up politics in 2015. Lot of sense.You can't make this shit up  he's a bit of a mental case, as well as a large cock  believe he is usually on receiving end in showers for sure today after red card  TBF, the other one was on the pitch, going by the name of James Maclean #wba  James McLean there *almost* found the clitoris. leaves shower toys on bench at bournemouth  Tony Pulis left his shower toys on the bench at Bournemouth Pulis?  someone's misspelt clitoris on the ad board.Pulis' lone cheeleader. neck pillow. Must be a sign he's busy emptying his desk!  this the 'spare prick' I heard about in my youth?   I lied, it was Cookie waving it  this you?  Thought it had found the clitoris, but alas...  Blue bag blew in front of Daniels before he took pen. Pugh took it away. Francis waved it after we scored. #bluebag Boing (blue) Baggies Baggies!  #AFCB #WBA  face when they said we would get 9 points from 9... #AFCB Was miles away from me TBF. Rondon used his head. That was the difference.Mike Dean got both the sendings off right but how the hell he is a PL ref I do not know. #AFCB #WBABoing Boing down you go. #AFCB No danger of that mate...living in dreamland mush! Who? And the brass band plays fuck off west brom another Pulis dirty team picking up where stoke left off   that #AFCB. Should have been less close in truth. Three from three in December. And good value for it. Who would have thought it?!What a dirty, pisspoor team #WBA are. Typical Pulis. Should have had 8 men by the end. They could go down playing like that. #AFCBImportant life lesson here  can be as insightful or clever as you like on Twitter - NOTHING. But post a pic of an inflatable penis at football &amp; your TL goes mad. If you look in the Albion end I'm sure see a couple of thousand more !! #boingboing #wwfcThought that was Tony Pulis for a minute  riddance McLean you horrible toe-rag. #AFCBJose Mourinho spotted at the West Brom game  #sadnessinhiseyeJames McClean looking sharp today.   Berahino still after a move in the transfer window then?!Mourinho not taking any time off  Jose watching the game there then lolTony Pulis isn't wearing his baseball cap today Tom, stop updating your Tinder profile on here by mistake.King has done his hammy. Says a lot about how well he's done lately that he is a miss. #AFCBMurray in for King last minute by looks. Weird. #AFCBTragic, lonely, inflatable cock at #WBA v #AFCB you believe that Ollie? I don't. Maybe initially. But he's short-termist in the extreme. Certainly no Ferguson. 3pm KO. How novel.... #AFCBChelsea treat Guus Hiddink like that person you know you can have commitment-free sex with between long-term partners.Football legend and former Match of the Day presenter Jimmy Hill has died aged 87 #RIP confirm Guus Hiddink has been appointed first-team manager until the end of the season. #cfcFootball legend Jimmy Hill dies aged 87 after battle with Alzheimer's Reports coming in that football and Match of the Day legend Jimmy Hill has died Jimmy HillRIP Jimmy Hill. You ledge.Jimmy Hill has died, aged 87. Every modern day footballer owes him an enormous debt of gratitude. RIP Jim. #RIP #JimmyHillJimmy Hill has died aged 87, more follows later. RIPThe man who held every job in football has died. RIP Jimmy Hill. #MOTDThe former Fulham player and MOTD presenter had been ill for some time and living in a care home. #RIPJimmyHillBreaking: Jimmy Hill has died. Thoughts with his family.RIP Jimmy Hill - a true footballing great. And I don't use that term loosely. Thoughts with his lovely wife Bryony and Proper goer.Roller suitcases: Do one.Without News of the Screws celebs are free to get off their nuts at Xmas parties - and are doing so with impunity! Or not stoopid!  major is kind, thanks mateNah mate, I heard you're a machine and can put loads away without falling into K-holes.  the same hush-hush party a pop star was off their head doing huge lines of cocaine. That's showbiz!Hear a major British TV presenter was in a world of their own at a party recently - after doing too much ketamine &amp; falling into a K-hole!Good work  - such a sweet thing to do.  TICKETS: Supporters can pay on the day tomorrow, with cash only sales at the away end kiosk. #afcb #W couldn't have been less interested when in Leagues One and Two. #AFCBFunny how a bit of success gets all the creepy politicians crawling out he woodwork in support of us. #AFCB have been talking with AFC about expanding stadium for more corporate boxes . EFF OFF TOBIAS. And it's #AFCB! 