This is Ghana, where Government just spent US$1 million to put the President's photos on public buses. "I saw your little friend at the boycott yesterday..." #civilrightstwitter else goes through their Who To Follow list like "die, die, die, i wish you misery, die, Yooo ma nigga!*follows*, die.." ??Ekiki me! before you go realize yooko ebreaki me...sad story "...Just since some people, wear a mask Don't mean.. they.. did nothing automatically..." I HATE Twitter. Who put ROSA PARKS in the back? LMFAO  832c, I wanna go there... I'm sick of this earth the new Moby Dick picture at the cinema today, contemplating leaving everything and going to seaBooze Your Way Through the Holidays #Hemingway Style#ErnestHemingway #BoozyChristmas Stonebwoy made it to Sting.. who knows him personally? I want him to give Ninjaman a msg for melooool the disappointment in the old man's face as he looked into the camera "You need some more defense man"  she's done trying to change you &amp; finally accepts you for who you are we are lolThe level of greed with this current government is baffling. We are too docile as a people tbh.  Mafia Found Guilty In New Jersey For Running Cocaine Ring {HeadLines} #SLDH: Flippa Mafia Found Guilty ... Hitler doing behind Kobe?  Camels Go To Drink, Northern Chad, Central Africa | Photography by Joseph Escu  #art we are not allowed to talk about false rape accusations because all men are rapist bastards lol essay: Doors of Puducherry Pan is my favorite story about how running away from all your problems will allow you to remain youthful and to possiblDead Star Demolishes Planet  Could this be Earths fate? am I missing some key details?lemme get this straight, Government, the body overseeing everything, had to pay Presido's brother 25M to secure land for a national project? you know, i mean..i get fuckin confused too, it's just that sometimes one gets confused..."put him and his troubles on there. Beethoven's google doodle. Congrats NWA Rock and Roll Hall Of FamersReleased 13 years ago today: Nas "God's Son" DEAD PREZ aint gone nowhere , they STILL here PowErful   Your Child to Work Day Miels  #art #painting AM SCREAMING look at the "Misplaced Checks" by John Geiger some nigga take whatsapp me, the way I insult um eh? it's true you will enjoy download now on I tunes get in the spirit  #ctbcmusicgroup   man why did Toni Braxton give her biopic to Lifetimefloor, can't remember dance moves  Killer - Jungle Justice - {New Music}: Bounty Killer - Jungle Justice - {New Music} Ancient Wall Carving Returned to Egypt #Science #Technology yoga. 9 years ago today: Nas "Hip Hop Is Dead" 23 years ago today: Dr Dre "The Chronic" chale Mightylele overtake Mansa for Christmas anthem and i dnt even like Stonebwoychrist lmao Jah Jah is out today! http://t.co/mjdZEYBiIPyo what breed of guerrillas do y'all have as armed robbers in Kumasi??  dat go bi Jasmine from Alladin lolSAVAGE the Mob Introduced Americans to Oral Sex via  his whole "squad " white and they still saying nigga like they notTrust Nobody... Stitches own friends flipped on him and beat his ass. They claimed he snitched on them. Come Up Inna Mi Magnum (Christmas Riddim) - Bounty Killer re-visited.... x   way you draw bad card, the way you make wrong moves.."Congrats. You start training Monday. Questions?"-Yeah. One."Yes?"- How did Andy put the poster back over the escape tunnJESUS: I shall turn water to wineJUDAS: Actually wine is 85% water so that's only 15% miracleJESUS: This is literally thOn Dec. 14 the Geminids meteor shower could make more than 100 slow-moving meteors visible. BY Karen Clark -USA #Photography #Art IRIE FM (First time on Jamaican Radio Grammy nominated artiste Rocky Dawuni  on... no dey lol safe safe he go eat ur woman mk u feel for the spirit world inside, u no see ein goatee?chale Spitta is hilarious . it's my 360 http://t.co/jHeUo0M5LN my Xbox is being really loudr u a software update because not nowlol dats DOOM and his big nose in the green t-shirt  naww  pretty amazing!  time no dey https://t.co/aVSts2hJdd