  I heard he only opens the door for women some of the time.MSU posted its season low assist rate at 63.6%. That Iowa's average this season which ranks 26th in the countryThese minutes could really help Eron Harris. And they really can't help Denzel Valentine. #Spartans #MichiganState #MSU"It takes a great coach like me to get those talent-less players to look good." Some teenage voice cracking, as wellAlso had his shot blocked and dropped a rebound out of bounds. to back possessions to open the game where Forbes was open for three and the #Spartans couldn't find him on time. #MichiganState #MSUAre there people afraid to say "Merry Christmas?" What are they afraid will happen? I'm always down for a Pat Evans project!I think I pronounce the "premier" in Premier League with a mix of a Hebrew, French and British accent all rolled into one. #PremierLeagueI mean, seriously, where are all the giraffes? They didn't make it? What did we do to the porcupines?! self involved to have this Star Wars futuristic galaxy where the only species from our modern world that exists is humans. #StarWarsIt's not often the "star comparison" before a basketball game features a pair of white guys. But it's also not often that Duke plays Utah.  I was trying to think of someone and that is perfection. Get on it, Graham! It would be great if you tweeted out "good read from  every time. Someone needs to make that their thing I'd appreciate it if you shared more bad reads. on #PistonsCourtside on  on playing for  tonight: "I can't wait. I can't wait"  What are the eagles gonna do? Poop on ISIS?Going to check  play with the  ! Everyone come out and watchAlways thought Obi-wan was a dick for selling his former pupil's accomplishments short And it reaches a point where the people at home have a better view. But also there's so much valuable conversation to hear! Close seating makes such a big difference in basketball reporting. More than any sport. Teams should be required to have it"All I want for Christmas is you" has to be one of the highest grossing songs of all time. Mariah Carey's probably singing bout those checks   Those are both really sick band names!The #Pistons have also assigned Reggie Bullock and Darrun Hilliard to    Nothing. I just think Solari &amp; I are prone to anger over minutiae &amp; Kilbridge is funny &amp; above the fray.Honestly this should be the centerpiece of the  media empire conglomerate. This should be the centerpiece &amp;  raging back &amp; forth at each other about nonsense with calm  subtly sneakin in quips at our expense is podcast goldPpppppppppiiiiiiissssstttoonnnsssss wwwwwwwwwwiiiiiiiinnnnnnnn !  But is good? Barely good, but still good?  Good idea. I'm settled now.  GRAHAM, YOUR SINGLE SENTENCE IN RESPONSE TO A SILLY POLL OUTRAGES ME!!!!!The #Bulls have to travel for the 2nd game of a back to back after a 4OT loss. The #Pistons get 3 days off after a 4OT win. #bullsvspistonsThe #Pistons had five players play 49 minutes or more tonight. The #Bulls played only two players 49 minutes or more. #bullsvspistons Because you're already pulling your hair out? (This feels like an awful dad joke. I apologize). People need to take a moment to consider what a bomb is and how violently destructive it is before dropping it on Disney townsThis should be the question that disqualifies voters.   I felt 15 minutes in that I knew the entire plot. As soon as the film began, it was obvious, which was fine.     No, the ruggedly handsome comments make sense.     Happy birthday from a writer that's confused for a rugby player!No idea what that all amounts to, but it sounds annoying for everyone to deal with. #Spartans #Wolverines #Buckeyes gets OSU RB, MSU is after another decommited OSU RB &amp; OSU has a RB who wanted to go to MSU till LJ Scott signed &amp; regrets not picking UM.  I guarantee you of this: there would have been a Trevon Pendleton update. That much I know. Must be. Seriously I honestly think they might have hit on something with the chemistry of those three playing off each otherReally good energy. It's light and fun. But also jam packed with really strong valuable analysis. Personable, chattin it up vibe. Good stuffThis is the best MSU analysis video I've seen.   &amp;  are both loose &amp; very sharp I don't doubt it. I'd be very interested to hear them sometime. It's time to stop making excuses. Minorities need the opportunity to receive the training to be qualified to be in those rooms. the fact I can count the number of people of color &amp; women in regular attendance (including myself) on one hanVery few women and people of color in this photo working as members of the media. We, as an industry, must be better  I enjoyed the other day when you said  memorized the phone number for 1-800-FLOWERS. Doesn't have to look it up. Am I still bitter about it? Yeah. Because it was one of my favorite stories. Now everyone is loving it years later from others. I also wrote the story as a turning point in the O-Line going from Dantonio's most maligned group to team strength. Crickets.I wrote the "the MSU O-line has colorful characters" story years ago. Working title "Hair and Butts" became "Band of Brothers." No one cared"From 2010 to 2014, public colleges paid more than $250 million to fired coaches."  He's unbeatable. He'll even have a "two part question," so he gets two in before you get one. Unbeatable. When I was a kid I assumed  always got 1st question like the late Tom Kowalski. I learned Joe's Rodney Dangerfield Who won? My money's on HondoBruce Arians opens conference call with How bout those Temple Owls, baby? What a year!Jim Schwartz just got this tattooed on his forehead. asked Muslim parents how they talk to their kids about anti-Muslim speech &amp; extremism Number on  Guess who has assisted the most alley-oops this season? It's Draymond Green, by far.  always finds a way to get the best spot. Death, taxes, and Hondo getting the best spot are life's guaranteesDraymond is on pace to be the only player of last 40 years to avg 7+ ast and 1.5+ blocks. Ryan's worst record in Big Ten play in 14 years at Wisconsin was 9-7 in 05-06. The only time he won single-digit confeMore perspective on Bo.  Not only did Wisconsin not make the NCAA's b/tw 1947 &amp; 1989 - it didn't even make NIT.  PrograKobe with the rafter-scraping rainbow &amp; the "they put that guy on me?" look Brownstein at #Brooklyn concert: "I'm coming out as a Ted Cruz supporter. I'm f***ing joking." #TedCruz  #Portlandia #sleaterkinneyTo the guy draping his entire body over his girlfriend at the concert so her every move's with you on top of her, your insecurity is showing"I've lived through tragedies, and controversies ... and horses." -   Sportsperson of the Year http. recited Maya Angelou's "Still I Rise" tonight while accepting  SOY award tonight. Very cool and Gary Harris can flat-out ball. Love his game. Athletes are known to be extremely competitive &amp; often gamble to pass time in a long season. Out of thousands, only one has? Good news is MLB's gone 30 years without one player out of thousands ever gambling a single time. Even with fantasy. What luck! I admire your insistence on continuing to be wrong on Pete Rose and the Hall of Fame.No Connor Cook or Shilique Calhoun in Pro Football Focus' 1st Round Mock Draft. Jack Conklin goes to the Bills, tho. The rare case of hero ball at the defensive end.Foul-up-3 strategy works because the Pistons missed 2 point-blank layups and Jacksons internal clock was totally haywirStan Van Gundy said Rivers extended his two arms to keep Reggie Jackson in front of him while on the dribble. He was right. #Pistons They literally blew a two-goal third period lead in their very last game.For a great coach, and he is a great coach, Stan Van Gundy makes a lot of mistakes.Pistons again with zero help awareness on the lob to Blake. Drummond guarding DJ at the 3 point line, has to slough off  Tolliver's a turnstile. Baynes needs to guard him. Lets see him do it with Mbah Amoute. Luc can't score in an empty gym I don't understand Marcus Morris and Aron Baynes never getting an opportunity to guard him. Why wouldn't Marcus Morris and Aaron Baynes get a shot at him?How many baskets does Blake Griffin have to hit before the people that should be guarding him get to guard him?Gronk's eyebrow raise every time Josina says 69 are incredible. Jumping out of his skin he wants to laugh so bad Lions have a lot to play for. You see Kareem's quotes on MJ a couple weeks ago? It felt straight out of your mouth.