Homeless Man Allegedly Lived In Army Barracks As Soldier For 8 Months via FWIW, Bernie's agitators storming the DNC offices is a preview of his presidency.Fox News Bashes Trump, Hillary Surges to +11 Point Lead -to break this to you very very gently. There will be no mass deportations and there will be no border wall. No matter   little wonder Holland has so many problems...Obama puts record 95 criminals back on the street via ISIS Terrorist Arrested in Harrisburg, PA via By One Measure, 95.46 Million Are Dependent on the Federal Government EXCLUSIVE  Sarah Palin: Congressional GOP Are Abusers And Were Their Battered Wife via Criminal complaint traces San Bernardino gunmans ties to Islamic militarism Afghan pilots graduate from AF training program; hunt for 2 other missing trainees continues  set for New Hampshire Army Ranger of the American Revolution dies while laying wreaths on veterans' graves donor, 92, hits the 22-gallon mark forces team leaves Libya after militia protest 'daycare center': Lawmakers tell Obama not to use Ft. Hood to house illegal immigrant kids   terror probe exposes marriage-for-visa racket    digs in on plan to close Guantanamo prison camp   Football player killed shielding girls from gunfire, police say   chairman says immigration officials failed adequate vetting of terrorist Tashfeen Malik's visa application cabby fined for not allowing woman up front via Students at Lena Dunham's college offended by lack of fried chicken via Wake-up time in Europe: Time to get armed via Welcome to Europe! Soros Adding Fuel to the Fire of EU's Refugee CrisisRead more: goes for the jugular after data breach  approves $8.2M for California earthquake early warning system" instructors CAN barter tuition for sexvia Mike Huckabee slashes staff salaries, loses his top press spin doctorvia Outrage after ex-NFL player Michael Sam tweets Star Wars spoilervia Obama visits San Bernardino before Hawaii vacationvia The non-profit behind Burning Man makes $32.4M revenue a yearvia   Jerk Off Jeh is what employees at DHS call him (fact)Wake-up time in Europe: Time to get armed Gun Control = Lib Insanity, or Lib Treason. Think #Cwhy does WH need to promote what will be the biggest movie in history? "No idea," says Yazidi woman as she's dragged off tMcConnell: lets not nominate a bunch of crazy, Tea Party people,folks -- Planned Parenthood performs 0 mammograms. Don't believe us? Call them yourself to find out. only defense against bad men is not no men... It's GOOD men!"  #TPUSA #WinterInWPB #BigGovSucks15yr Old Zaevion Dobson died shielding 3 girls from gang shootingSALUTE THIS AMERICAN school bans Huckleberry Finn from lessons because of 'use of N-word' #booknews report finds 95 percent of police shootings JUSTIFIED  #blacklivesmatter #blacktwitteConstitutional understanding for Christmas with Constitutional Sound Bites a gift for every American: Israel's border wall at the West Bank. View from helicopter transport from Dead Sea to Tel Aviv. The wall works. the spirit. No way I can vote for Hillary now. Bernie should go 3rd party.  that's why the War on Women suddenly disappeared chief promises to protect #Muslims from McCarthyism - TEARS: University of Minnesota Says They Don't Care if Muslims Are Offended , parents REVOLT against pro-MUSLIM song sung at High School holiday concert! player killed shielding girls from gunfire, police say | Fox News |  Senator Pushing to Re-Instate Confederate Flag on Virginia License Plates - Breitbart via WAR: Cambridge, Massachusetts City Council Censures Breitbart News - Breitbart via Is EPA Trying To Sabotage Its Gold King Mine Blowout Investigation? via Obama Commutes 95 Sentences, And Almost All Of Them Are Crack Dealers via The Gay Agenda and the Real World Rights Campaign Calls on Christian Colleges to Repent of Their Christianity via Ben Shapiro Destroys Comedian Patton Oswalt in Twitter Battle via Mike Lee: "I Was With Ted Cruz The Entire Time," Claims He Supported Rubios Amnesty Bill Are "100% False" | Video the FULL Greta versus Ted Cruz explosive interview!! Haney: Obama Homeland Security Shut Down Probe into Islamic Jihadis - Breitbart via Is it Time to 'Refresh the Tree of Liberty?' mean well today, but their unpredictable behavior is en... More for Libra Hagel's Astonishing Admission on Syria White House tried to destroy me after I resigned via New Video: UN Chief Admits UN Bias &amp; Discrimination Against Israel  York Lawmaker Wants To Rename Trump State Park After Imaginary Muslim Veteran via VIDEO: Parents read Bible verses cut from 'Charlie Brown Christmas' school play the Christmas Parody Infomercial the Ted Cruz Campaign Has Paid to Air Du... via Discovered: Rubio Pushed To Give Non-Citizen Aliens Access To Fianc Visas - Breitbart via Bozell &amp; Graham column: CNN lowers itself to promoting Satanists in the Christmas season. Gross.  Sec Def: Obamas NSC Holds Rambling, Indecisive Policy Meetings via City Council Votes 6 to 1 to Remove Confederate Statues in New Orleans - Breitbart via \Nader juggernaught! that's not "Brilliant". Pretty sure that's what most people see there  attack?  Congressman: Unfair to Blame Paul Ryan for Omnibus via Christian Charity On $1 Billion Federal Gravy Train Leads Political Call to 'Care Sacrificially for the Refugee' Gives 'Kudos' To Paul Ryan For Helping Pass Omnibus - Breitbart via Czech lawmakers reject EU labels for Israeli products made beyond 1967 lines  Monitoring Terrorists on Social Media Must Be Balanced With Our Values City Policy Finally Challenged In Court Senate GOP Considering Weakening Filibuster to Force Votes $$$? San Bernardino Terrorists Receive Traditional Islamic Burial via Here Are the 95 Republicans Who Opposed the Omnibus Spending Bill or False? Christianity Under Attack in the Classroom Money Backs Marco Rubio via Terrific: Feds Have No Clue If 9500 People With Revoked Visas and Links to Terrorism Are in U.S. possibly the SCARIEST (and most honest) video about Islam youll ever see Bernie Sanders SUES the Democrats after being SUSPENDED for stealing Hillary data!! Irvine Student Govt. Leader: American Flag Represents Hate Speech, Still Takes Entitlement Benefits 