"So what's living in Idaho like?" I just tried my first buttery Jack and my life is changed. Thank you. and I ain't talking about Jack Daniels, I'm talking about Jack in the Box. I love me some Jack when I'm drunk. I don't like being sober more than I have to. Hii  honestly,  has the best bf ever. The guy brings her Dutch like every shift. I'm taking notes cuz this guy knows his stuff.I'm feeling especially uncomfortable at work rn. I've worked every day since Monday and I'm scheduled every day for the rest of the year besides Christmas.  cuz I luh U bb! I feel like I got hit by a bus. My ears are all sorts of fucked up after last night If you love yourself, listen to this song. will experience this drop live. 'n' Dip  "I just raged my face off" look.  couple award goes to these two babes  the lights, the people, the music, the love, and she absorbs my full attention.I will spend the rest of my life with this woman.Mesmerized, obsessed, infatuated. Those are the words that come to mind.Yeah grinding is hot and all, but I'm so fucking turned on that I can rage hard as fuck with my girlfriend.The girl still makes me smile like a fool...just like the time she gave me her real phone number.I really need to take up gambling cuz jezus christ I'm one lucky fuck.The number of times during a show that I stare at Alyssa and realize how lucky I am is countless with our traditional numerical system.Yup I'm a little drunk and a lot in love.Kiss me at the drop so I know it's real. #PLUR #EDMfam tickets have been claimed. See you all at the show!!Can I hit it from the back? If you want a free ticket to Doctor P, hit me up and I'll give it to you at the show. #IdahoEDMfamI wanna wear my Fitbit to the show so I can track my activity but I'd probably trade it for kandi. Hahahah, I'm dying, I forgot all about that!  lights at the botanical gardens were pretty but I couldn't keep my eyes off Alyssa. I was a drunk douchebag to Alyssa last night. To make up for it I shouldIdc if you think it's a joke, it's NEVER okay to tell someone to kill them self. Ever.this night so muchLmao girls always agreeing out loud when really they completely disagree.. Jauz is good for getting pumped for a workout OR..... some rough sex.Damn it I was hoping to smash tonight but I'm drunk as fuck.. god this girl can dance.  I was tryin so hard to hold it in. daddy bout to get daddier  songs make me rage so fucking hard. exercises into my workout and I got a mad bloody nose. FmlFirst time hitting the gym in weeks. I'm fired up.I'm ready to get fucking wild tomorrow and I haven't even gotten my ticket. Kenya freak wit me?If your gf is sad, you better be doing everything in your power to fix it cuz I promise there's other dudes who'd give it their all. I went from "Where my hug at?" to "Let's plan our next festival." at that point, I bet she never thought she'd be calling me daddy. I'm so sad I'm not going to snowglobe this year Ladies, just remember... you can be giving a guy a fake number one day &amp; calling him daddy another. Life is crazy. Anything can happen.I still have the fake number Alyssa gave me the first time I asked for her number.  is fucking great.  breh that's my deadlift max. Alyssa won me a Fitbit at the work Christmas party. I guess that means it's time to whip my ass in shape.  U R OBSESSED actually, fuck that. I'm starting right now.Work is always awesome when I get to work with Queen V.  In 2016, the goal is to     1) Smile more     2) Dance more     3) Love more stfu, you're a cs major. You're gonna BE a sugar daddy, not get one.Breh, I'm on break. Time 2 get wild.When the final roughed you up a little bit, but you're glad you're on break now. it be too fucking early rn.  we miss you too. Missing  and  so much rn it's not even called a "fav" or "favorite" anymore so wut r u doing?retweet if u want suh dude merch n shit this is the first ever literal application of the quantity zillion.Alyssa loves it that I call her beautiful/pretty a zillion times a day. I can tell.Neat tapestry! and I have conflicting pizza preferences... I can see this causing serious relationship conflicts in the future...im not sick or tired im just ugly smh, you sound just like your mother. like father, like son. your dad.If I wanted to distract the public from something, I'd create an absurd presidential candidate &amp; make sure all media was covering the story.F'real though... Donald Trump is probably the worst gargoyle to ever walk the earth.  SIT YO ASS DOWN WE ALL KNOW YOU AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE.  SIT YO ASS DOWN WE ALL KNOW YOU AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE.  SIT YO ASS DOWN WE ALL KNOW YOU AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE.  SIT YO ASS DOWN WE ALL KNOW YOU AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE.  SIT YO ASS DOWN WE ALL KNOW YOU AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE.When people say "If _______ happens, I'm moving to Canada." SIT YO ASS DOWN WE ALL KNOW YOU AIN'T GOIN ANYWHERE.