WSJ: Swiss open criminal case against Islamic Council member: Daily cigarette smoking has plummeted among high-school students, falling 50% or more over the past 5 years Best tech gifts of 2015: After reviewing hundreds of gadgets, here are some top picks The WSJ's Best Books of 2015: Chelsea names Guus Hiddink as interim manager Up to nine Russian contractors die in Syria, experts say Boeing, Lockheed to press on with protest over bomber contract loss Candidates face different challenges at Democratic debate Why does Spains general election on Sunday matter? 5 things to read this weekend Congress fails to clear Barack Obamas nominations backlog Holiday shoppers wait until the last minute for deals Take a look at the stories selected for the front page of today's Wall Street Journal. Rwandans vote in favor of lifting term limits United Nations Security Council adopts resolution on Syria  Democratic Party restores data access for Bernie Sanders after suspension The Serbian town where owls rule the roost Obama meets families of San Bernardino attack victims Here's an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal's weekend edition.By 2050, as many as seven out of 10 people on Earth will live in an urban area: RT WSJD: Talking toys are getting smarter. Should we be worried? Obama commutes nearly 100 prisoners sentences RT WSJPolitics: New emails released by the Pentagon offer a peek into Defense Secretary Ash Carter's day-to-d RT gerardtbaker: A U.S. plane unintentionally flew within two nautical miles of an island built by China.   Obama touts 2015 successes, sets 2016 goals in year-end news conference New Hampshire looms as crucial for Bernie Sanders: via WSJpoliticsWSJ: Daily cigarette smoking has plummeted among high-school students, falling 50% or more over the past 5 years In Vermont, just 8 of 20 downhill ski resorts were open as of Thursday: The best books of 2015, according to 50 noteworthy people: Bernie Sanders presidential campaign files suit against Democratic Party RT WSJSports: Amid growing outrage over kill photos, big-game hunting sees an unlikely boom in the U.S.   Busy day today? Catch up on some of the top headlines of the day: Health care and education jobs bolster states' employment Volkswagen's sales hold on diesel-powered cars in the U.S. has its dealers struggling with inventory they can RT WSJspeakeasy: #StarWars fans in the U.S. finally see #TheForceAwakens -- and love it  Global stocks dip as oil glut weighs Christmas: the busiest time of the year for Kentucky Fried Chicken outlets in Japan. Where millennials go for financial advice: The best music of 2015: A banner year for the bold. by wsjrockWSJ: RT WSJSports: Players across the NFL receive IV infusions before and sometimes during games, but doctors thin Donald Trump says Russia's Putin is a strong leader, "unlike what we have in this country  What Congress's omnibus bill means for taxes, oil exports, financial regulation and ObamacareThe year in The Numbers: Cheap gas, concussions and broken bats Martin Shkreli resigns as CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals and more of today's top news: The real lesson of A Christmas Carol? The importance of receiving loads of fancy presents. "Black culture leads all global culture when you consider food and music," says entrepreneur Tristan Walker. GOP is "the only political party in the advanced world that denies climate change. POTUS on Paris climate ta You now have a global marketplace for clean energy that is stabile and accelerating over the...next decade. Weve gotten used to last minute crises and shutdownsbut this is more typical of American democracy. POTUS Breaking: U.S. B-52 flew within two miles of South China Sea disputed island, prompting Beijing protest (fixeWSJ: Assad is going to have to leave in order for the country to stop the bloodletting. POTUS on Syria. It is part of the ISIS mythology of the west's war with Islam.  POTUS  live: Breaking: U.S. B-52 flew within two miles of South China Sea disputed island, prompting Beijing protest  Screening private communications on social platforms for visa applicants "raises questions about our values"  Im not wild about everything in it  POTUS on the budget passed today, but it shows progress in important a .POTUS on climate: "Our early investment in clean energy ignited a clean energy industry boom." Watch live: Introducing The Wall Street Journal's fully interactive presidential debate guide: Even before her landslide, Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi was becoming a practical politician.  Minimum wage boosts might not reduce reliance on government assistance programs. Will Aung San Suu Kyi rule Myanmar more like a Mandela or a Mugabe? Christian Caryl explores in WSJ. Turing Pharmaceuticals appoints Ron Tilles interim CEO, replacing Martin Shkreli: RT WhatsNewsWSJ: Disney's new Star Wars movie grossed $57 million on opening night--a record-breaking pace  For Broadways Mormons, British schoolchildren and American revolutionaries, Thursday night is bowling night. U.S. fans finally got to see Star Wars: The Force Awakens.  #Spoiler alert: they loved it. RT stuwoo: Up to half of the New York Giants take pregame IV fluids to hydrate, but doctors think it's a bad  RT WSJecon: Where the jobless rate Is 2.3%, here's what happened to wages Do droids get the treatment they deserve in #StarWarsTheForceAwakens? Breaking: Turing Pharmaceuticals Close to Replacing Martin Shkreli as CEO  What's a Heady Topper? A guide to understanding craft beer-speak. New parties are shaking up the political process in Spain. Here's a look at how they're impacting the electio Where exactly can you ride a hoverboard these days? Not in most airports, or, increasingly, in many cities.  Breaking: House passes $1.15 trillion spending bill; Senate, White House expected to later approve A beer with serious snob appeal: Sam Adams rolls out its $200 Utopias.  Mother Teresa set for sainthood after miracle approved The 10-Point: Gerard Baker on the rate rise, Martin Shkreli, China market rescue and more  Untangling U.K. from the EU wouldnt be easy, writes Stephen Fidler Spanish elections: new parties shake up politics Ukraine suspends payment on debt to Russia, says it is prepared for legal action U.N. says Europe has taken nearly a million migrants this year Global stocks dip as oil glut weighs Israel, Turkey poised to renew diplomatic relations after years of tension Libor oversight chief was forced out Corporate-themed TV show grips Japan Islamic State routed in Iraq battle, U.S. officials say GlaxoSmithKline buys Bristol-Myers Squibbs HIV assets Why does Spains general election matter? A short Q&amp;A OPEC sees oil prices below $100 in long term BHP Billiton put on review by Moodys for potential downgrade Mother Teresa set for sainthood after Vatican approves miracle Generational split becomes Spains main political dividehttps://t.co/I6vufyTX6a