Kelly Rutherford Posts Pics From Italy  Is She In Europe Visiting Her Children For Christmas?! Days Of Perezmas: 7 Drake Dance Moves Marriage Or Just A REALLY Nice Gift?! See The Ring Anna Kournikova Has On THAT Finger! 6 Days 'Til Christmas  Here's Our Week In Snapchats, Twitpics, &amp; Instagrams! Cox Who?! Ex-Fianc Johnny McDaid Shows His Pearly Whites At First Appearance Since Split! Good!! Watch Selena Gomez Deliver An Incredible Performance Of Same Old Love At Billboard's Women In Music on newly discovered 'Super-Earth'?: Researchers at the University of New South Wales have discovered a ha... chapter in Rpublique game now available on Android: A year ago, we were talking about how paranoid people... To This: Follow The Leader! introduces 1st HD dual driver wireless Bluetooth headphones: Despite being bulky and sometimes cumbersom... search of Pookie and Peaches:  escaped 'the beast' of Baltimore: Dwight Watkins was visiting his aunt one spring day in Baltimore when he ... Fuck you Nigga. Words On the Street. #DreBeatsSolo cobra caught on ship: An unlikely and dangerous stowaway slithered its way into a New Jersey-bound cont... your game on your Android device through Kamkorder: Because live streaming of games is probably the... Minaj TV series cast named: The rapper and songwriter Nicki Minaj has said that the cast for her upcomin... A look at Couch's parents: CNN's Randi Kaye reports on the parents of "affluenza" teen Ethan Couch and ... the first time voter info files breached, campaign says:  This won't stop ISIS:  to get voter files back: A powder keg of resentment from Bernie Sanders and liberal Democrats toward t... we lost in 2015: Remembering those who died in 2015. and command your plant army in Plants War 2: If you got on the Plants vs Zombies craze a few years a... photo shows man shaming panhandlers: An Iowa man says he offered two panhandlers a job and they turned h... U.S. jet strayed into airspace: The Chinese government has complained because a U.S. military flight re... one really knows me':  ride on top of van to see Christmas lights: A Texas man recorded what appears to be three children riding... recalling Power Bars for overheating problems: It takes guts and a lot of courage to recall a certain produ... is 'Home Alone' child star now?: Actor Macaulay Culkin plays a grown-up version of Kevin McCallister fro... lumberjacks meet luxury: Some vacationers want to get as far away as possible from cities, cars and crowds. friendly fire hit Iraqi soldiers?: The U.S.-led coalition will investigate after the Iraqi military said i... slams Rubio's attendance: Ted Cruz has joined the chorus of Republicans targeting Marco Rubio for his poo... Fi customers now eligible for the Nexus Protect program: Remember that 'Nexus Protect' program? We wer... surprises daughter for Christmas: After nine months on USS Theodore Roosevelt, Ryan Davis surprised his... bromance with Putin: If Donald Trump looked into Vladimir Putin's eyes, what would he see? 13 nightly build for Samsung Galaxy S III now available: If not Material Design or Marshmallow, An... calls for ceasefire in Syria: The United Nations Security Council on Friday approved a resolution that su... deaths hit all-time high: Despite efforts to fight the opioid epidemic, deaths from drug overdoses re... offers 128GB Winter Edition of Galaxy Note in Korea: Special editions of new Galaxy smartphones are no... plans to boost battery performance 40 percent by 2020 hack let foreign government in?: A major breach at computer network company Juniper Networks has U.S. offi... commutes 95 sentences: President Barack Obama commuted the prison sentences of 95 criminals on Friday, m... Fiorina chomps down on dog treat: Presidential candidate Carly Fiorina says she used to "eat milkbones a... on Syria: I was right: President Obama says he was right about his Syria strategy and he's says "there's... Stefani &amp; Blake Shelton Have An Adorable Lunch Date With Her Son! Nyle DiMarco Opens Up About Winning The Final Season Of America's Next Top Model &amp; His Dating Life  Is a new world, create anything in Scribblenauts Unlimited: Here's a new action puzzle mobile game tha... Tingles for December 18, 2015 Social Media, December 18, 2015 the Death Star space gun America never built Best #TBT Pic Of Taylor Swift EVER Has Arrived! See It HERE! Tom Hardy A Total Diva?? Critic SLAMS The Revenant Star's Bad Attitude In NSFW Twitter Rant! Love Is Romancing A Man 25 Years Her Junior! Get The Deets HERE! Kardashian Bares Her Sparkly Booty In A Sexy &amp; Impromptu Photoshoot! NFL Star Doug Flutie Pens Heartfelt Essay On His Parents' Deaths That Happened An Hour Apart sub hits buoy, in drydock: Navy officials are evaluating the damage to a guided-missile submarine that st... content added to Amazon Fire TV gallery: Amazon needs to think of more ways to make sure its Fire TV rema... Sheen Recovering After Successful Quadruple Bypass Surgery  Just In Time For The Holidays! The Belieber Who Legally Changed Her Last Name To Bieber &amp; Sleeps Next To A Life-Size Justin Every Night! Decades After Her Death, Mother Teresa WILL Be Made A Saint By The Roman Catholic Church! Said It  Amy Poehler Or Tina Fey? Celebrate The Sisters Premiere With This Guessing Game! DeGeneres Shares A HIGHlarious 'Exclusive' Clip From Star Wars: The Force Awakens! Roberts Quitting Acting? Find Out Why Scream Queens Gave Her Serious Second Thoughts! Teigen Moaning While Making Cinnamon Rolls In A Low Cut Top Is All You Need To See Today! Was Only A Matter Of Time Before Amber Rose Addressed Those Butt Pad Rumors! Have This To Say About Lady GaGa! Does Star Wars: The Force Awakens' BB-8 Stack Up Against The 20 Best Movie Robots Of All Time?? up and regret Blind Riddle in Norway want to give peak to elevation-challenged Finland: This may be the pinnacle of gift-giving. won't serve Israelis: Did Kuwait Airways just scrap an entire flight service to avoid carrying Israeli... schedules James Webb Space Telescope for October 2018 launch outs Yutopia with premium specs, powered by CyanogenOS: Micromaxs YU Yutopia is expected to be the world... Holmes' And Daughter Suri Cruise Meet The Clinton Fam! Voters Have Some VERY Strong Opinions About Aladdin See The Shocking Real Poll Numbers About Bombing Zayn! Perrie Edwards Is Snuggling Up To A New Man For The Holidays! Feek Celebrates Daughter Indiana's 22-Month Birthday With Sweet Kisses From Her Hospice Bed New Ghostbusters Character Posters Are WAY More Badass Than You Expected  Get Pumped For The Action With Lawrence talks like a man and the wage gap Hills Alum Audrina Patridge Is Pregnant! Fey, Amy Poehler, &amp; The Cast Of Sisters Make Fun Of Star Wars! Can They Convince YOU To See Their Movie Reeves films John Wick 2 in NYC out this amazing image of Earth from the moons orbit Days Of Perezmas: 8 Uplifting Viral Stories! Hottest Stories Right Now! Hudgens Is The Latest To Launch Her Own Lifestyle Site  But What Sets Hers Apart? Weiland's Official Cause Of Death Revealed Respond To 8-Year-Old Burn Victim Safyre Terry's Request For Christmas Cards  And Give Her More Than She runs wild on reality show: President Obama cracked jokes and promoted climate change awareness on the su... hunts missing 'affluenza' teen: Disgusted, yes. Shocked, no. set to face year-end questioning: Capping a year packed with accomplishments, but marred in the last mon... https://t.co/Ay1ObZRx21