Grindr users targeted by armed gang, say police - 'Nearby suitors' - what a beautifully BBC description!!!  Not sure that was quite what the architect was going for!!! I saw that this morning...have to say I thought it made an interesting addition to the skyline...These next 4 minutes can help keep you safe in a firearms or weapons attack #runhidetell ...and The Dark Crystal on the telly!!! I love that film! I've never met you, only know your Twitter profile, but from what I've experienced I'd say you're a top chap! Keep it up!!! would an owl not look at the kittens and think...Oooo...lunch? Wow that was quite a class! Few new postures thrown in...a bit of Wheel...a cheeky Crow! Also tried my first #yoga bind...and managed it!!!Tweeting live from my mat waiting for 60 minutes of Ashtanga #yoga practice...a great mid-week energiser! Bring on the #DownwardDog  Amy...where do I get the music you play? Is it an album or individual tracks? There are a couple of tracks I'd like 2 use at home LOL..."3 bottles Ais"...pure class to the very last glass! by then end of that bottle you'll be telling the world "no...no...no...listen...listen...I love you...you know that right?!" then it's time for a cheeky sherry! Why do today what can be put off until tomorrow?!!!Ah...Pouilly Fum...oh how I love thee! Been one of those day, and whilst wine isn't always the answer...TONIGHT IT IS!!! Cheers Tweeps!  YELLOW #DerrenMiracleA beautifully gentle meditation on The Child Within...inviting the inner child to join in with the #yoga practice. Thanks  OMOMIt's Monday evening, that can mean only 1 thing...90 mins of restorative #yoga with  Without doubt the best thing about Mondays! It's true...I'm a sucker for a film with 'dragon' in the title...but Dungeons and Dragons: The book of vile darkness is actually quite good! Noooo....some of them were #totes #hilairShorter stretch for Indian prisoners who pass yoga exam Amazing beginners Ashtanga #yoga class at  with Stevan Gill. Connecting breath and posture changes was challenging! check out the new Kylie album...it's great! Also you can't have an Xmas playlist without Eartha Kitt or the PoguesLove the #jgermeister advert...classy and grown up. What it seems to miss is that mostly it is 'bombed' to get people hammered! try They have great stuff...and stock large!I have joined the Global Community in support of #WorldAIDSDay to end stigma, add a ribbon to your avatar now! #WAD...also I have learned that warm feet equals happy #yoga ! Major thanks to the amazing  for such a beautiful class! The theme of 'retreat' was very powerful. #yogaParked right outside the #yoga studio tonight...that almost never happens! Dare I hope this is an omen for a good class?! Fingers crossed!Monday night, it's cold out, but off to my  restorative #yoga class...yayee! Got socks 4 tonight's class - don't want cold feet!Just relistened...gotta be  and  #OnlyYou for #xmasnumber1 What a great song!So restorative #yoga may have been a bit of a fail today...but fresh bedding wins every time! Mmmm...night tweeps...sweet dreams!  oh I will! Typical though...could really have done with chilling out today...still there you go! Maybe next week!Blimey that was hard work! Who'd have thought that emptying my mind and achieving stillness was so chuffing hard?! Grrr!  #yogaIts Monday...it's 7pm...that can mean only one thing...it's almost time for  and some serious blissed out restorative #yoga what happened in 2013?!!! ...me too! (And partial to a cute bottom as well!) Loving the mix of Greek mythology and nice bums!!! but that's only 3 liquorice torpedos, 4 cherry lips, 8 cola bottles and a strawberry lace isn't it?! #DerrenMiracle  Giraffe Giraffe Good choices! Clearly you know your gins! Cheers! You can tell a lot about a person by their choice of gin...what floats Dr. C's boat? For me it's Bulldog or TanquerayIt's that time of year again...testing the champagne offers to see which will be this year's Xmas bubbles! *hic* OFF, FIRED BUT DIDN'T CRACK!! Love X #potterythrowdown #greatpotterythrowdown #gptd   ht impressive!Beginners Ashtanga class...here I come! Time to get sweaty!!! #yogaNooooo!  out of the #potterythrowdown There goes the best thing on Tuesday night telly!Leaflets distributed across Ibstock in search for missing teenager, Kayleigh Haywood bliss-fest of a #yoga class with  Worked on opening up around the heart...some unusual postures and a beautiful peace meditation...and after day 1 of 4 of interviewing I am seriously looking forward to it! #yogaOnly half an hour to go until the best thing about Mondays...90mins of blissed out #yoga and meditation with  Congrats soon to be Dr Roth!wait until his 18th/21st/wedding/he brings his first partner home and then remind him of this moment... #paybackAs Paris stays dark, the tricoleur shines across the globe in solidarity know I should be going to bed (#yoga this morning) but totally glued to  watching the story develop #ParisAttacksLet us not forget, 43 people died in Beirut and 200 were wounded on Thursday..Beautiful Beirut, whose citizens have endure Now that is something I can agree with you on! To use an Americanism: terrorism is terrorism - period! whilst I respect your view, I feel that is starting to clutch at straws! Nationalism as a quasi faith is not a strong argument I can see where you are coming from, but I just don't think that Faith = Bad is the right argument! Faith is not a valid excuse I would suggest that the Holocaust (Jewish, LGB, Roma etc) was based on a warped nationalist rather than faith based ideology ...blamed all too often, there are also countless atrocities committed without a 'faith' 'excuse' sorry I simply can't agree! It's the twisted interpretation of faith that is the problem. Whilst 'religion' or 'faith' is... 1/2 ...and for the record I am not a person of faith myself. (But I do respect those who have a faith) 2/2 I recognise your view but I would still say that these are the actions of terrorists not people of faith 1/2 Stu...please don't tar all Muslims with this brush! This is not Islam this is terrorism.Unbelievable! A tragedy is unfolding. What kind of point are you trying to make? #shameonyou  je t'aime#Paris mes prires sont avec vous  Send your love to Paris tonight. They need it. so I know it's way 2 early but I've just heard Kylie Christmas &amp; its gotta be  &amp;  Only You for #ChristmasNumberOneThoughts with the people of #Paris  has turned over to #WaynesWorld - so I'm off to bed! 2 yoga classes this w'end! Going back to the hot room tomorrow! #sweatpit  There may be trouble ahead,but while there's sloe gin, or vodka; tequila, or rum, I'll just have another cheeky one! oh dear...how about several espresso cups then?!!! A full mug would vulgar!Amazing beginners Ashtanga class tonight at  with Harbinder Bhoot. Challenging but well worth it #yoga Love that U 'nearly made' it...what stopped you?!!! Sorry to hear you not feeling good though...hope U feeling better soon!Found the teacher for the restorative class I love...tweeps if you ever get the chance to do a  class...DO IT! She is awesome!Waiting for my meditation and restorative #yoga class at  Been looking forward to it all day! 90 minutes of bliss! #OM Nacho is just toooo cute!*switches off #XFactor*I must be bloody mad! I got up, went out in the rain, did a #parkrun and what was my reward? A pulled calf muscle! #failSo today saw word of the year...'binge-watch' The judges need to watch #gogglebox and the Siddiquis Twitter I give you 'NERDMURMER' #loveitWill the mum from the Micheals family on #gogglebox ever finish that needlework?! She seems to have been stitching forever!!!So it's the weekend...where did that week go?! I'm not complaining but I seem to have blinked &amp; missed it...and I'm not even on holiday!Wow! That was a gr8 beginners Ashtanga class! Never done it before...absolutely loved it! Hard work but I feel great. Wanna do more!! #yoga happy birthday! 