Clear your calendar of all distractions today -- even for a sh... More for Virgo love planted flowers within me, but you stopped watering them and now I'm wilting away from the inside out. our little secret   not the same says the girl who has a bf me or 3pm i wanna be with uDrowning in my thoughts and this sea I call my mind is suffocating me is elusive today because it seems as if people ke... More for Virgo like I won't be sleeping LOL"Did you catch feelings?" someone asks if you're buying them anything for Christmas this year...... you find $5 in your pocket #winIt's so disheartening to me when women take part in sexism against their own gender.Your pragmatic approach to life helps you manage the powerful ... More for Virgo wanted to do so much today but instead I nappedYou're anticipating something special today, but the big news ... More for Virgo shade like its sunny.  Is How You Make Your Life Your Own never let it phase meLolYour frustration level may rise if someone denies you the chan... More for Virgo you enjoying the nice weather in December den somebody remind you global warming is real &amp; u can die. I got messages like this i wouldn't respond. Like damn just send one whole txt that's so unnecessary lol  day my kind of cookingYou often excel at logically discerning what's best at each in... More for Virgo tmrw when I take my final I wish I didn't love youEveryone seems to look to you for guidance because your practi... More for Virgo are eager to kick back and enjoy yourself today once you h... More for Virgo a female gorilla that can communicate using sign language has a message for mankind. above meearth below me fire within me.A strong yearning to retreat into your past can distract you f... More for Virgo ability to logically analyze a complex situation is usual... More for Virgo - husky mix  have a clear handle on what you must do today, but it's no... More for Virgo sleep so much better at night when I'm in your armshow I'm feeling right about now..... F word can't form friendship bonds" may grow anxious from an endless stream of erratic and ecl... More for Virgo dreams need to stop solo ride until I die because i got me for lifeLive for the experience. thought the sunset was pretty but i thought she was prettier THE SEASON feel like the 8 hour car ride home from Cape Cod wouldn't be so bad if my dad didn't listen to talk radio the whole timePassed a car that had two bumper stickers that read, "Socialism" and "Protect The Constitution" #okayKim Kardashian wants to be Leslie Knope so bad http://t.co/VcmcpgNQRD hahahhahaha beach**Although you may have many things to do now, it's crucial to s... More for Virgo is undermining your efforts today and the situation is... More for Virgo could be bothering you today, even if you are busy i... More for Virgo boys make you smile, some make you want to chug vodkaSenior wk where you at??? miss you more bby I'll be home soonConcentrating on your work is challenging this morning, making... More for Virgo I told you I could give you life, would you leave the boundaries of your mind?People see your enthusiasm bubbling over today, even if you ar... More for Virgo to finish as much as you can today, whether or not you are... More for Virgo many years of education yet nobody ever taught us how to love ourselves and why it's so important.Happy December 1st from me and Dwight Schrute rain brings peace to my soul.Me as a wife before &amp; after their adoption . http://t.co/05IRJ2WdguThere are many disparate facets of your life coming together n... More for Virgo out of class an hour and 15 minutes early Sometimes you do your best work behind the curtains, and the M... More for Virgo might be required to make a significant choice today that ... More for Virgo consume my constant thoughtsYou are most likely operating under unrealistic expectations a... More for Virgo me miss my puppy   wish your coworkers wouldn't depend on you for emotional s... More for Virgo anticipation of the future is too great to be contained b... More for Virgo hate that I give you so much power over my emotions. You could make or break my everything &amp; you don't even know it.She gives me life  complexity of too many conflicting plans at work may have ... More for Virgo thank you for making the rest of 2015 bearablethis is so great  cannot overstate the extent to which mankind is screwed.Reminder: you belong only to yourself and you owe nothing to no one.I don't do anything anymore and I barely talk to anyone besides my family and I'm okay with that