Damn, Steph (via the 24-1 shirts in Milwaukee?The  folks responded for tonight's rematch. (via  me Forget I ever existed Because the day I am forgotten is the day we will succeed #AbbyWambachGuide will reveal to you the missing ingredient in the Law of Attraction (short video)your mind to see the good in everything.WATCH:  unveils tear-jerking  commercial ahead of her final match. Jimmy Fallon, The Roots, and The Force Awakens cast sing Star Wars a capella: you went to bed early last night, you missed a lot. After 14-plus seasons and 364 wins, Bo Ryan retired as Wisconsin's heWise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin10 Workplace Trends That Will Change the Way You Manage #activedesign #workstyles Experts Recommend Standing Up At Desk, Leaving Office, Never Coming Back love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?#dreams #QOTD miracles of life many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Sm"Let go of anger. Let go of . . ."  Gautama Buddha| #Zen #Buddhist #quotes Surprised It Still Hasnt Figured Out Better Alternative To Letting Power-Hungry Assholes Decide Everything politicians lie, but some lie more than others. whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata"Holy grail" of shipwrecks found off Colombia, may contain world's largest sunken treasure  of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truthThe past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted.Jerry Stiller back in the day, 1974. say YES to the present moment. What could be more futile, more insane, than to create inner resistance to someth"What a liberation to realize that the "voice in my head" is not who I am. Who am I then? The one who sees that." ~ Eccan't please everyone.The Beatles Increases Sense Of Urgency By Riding Last White Rhino On Earth Through Climate Talk go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark TwainYou are younger today than you ever will be again. Make use of it.Morning + coffee = poop. Heres why: are rarely actually about what we think they're about. It's important to listen very closely.Take some time each day to sit and just focus on your breathing.12 up, 12 down!Iowa reaches 12 wins for first time in school history, stays unbeaten with 28-20 win at Nebraska. No. 4 Iowa tops Nebraska, 28-20, to reach their 1st 12-0 season in school history. your past for all the lessons, and move on.Self-righteousness goes away with true spirituality. The need to express superiority becomes irrelevant.Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.Once you've accepted your flaws no one can use them against you. maybe the next criminal mastermind. Out to destroy country music. you could be the next Bond girl. #007 #altnationThis Guide will reveal to you the missing ingredient in the Law of Attraction (short video)game didn't turn out the way we wanted. Its been a heck of a ride. Thanks seniors!!  Sad that our time together as"An emotion comes, stays for a while, and goes away, just like a storm. If youre aware of that, you wont be afraid.   ThiFail Often everything. Find your own light." ~ Buddha #mindfulness #spiritualCreate space like never before with Evoke Architectural Wall #interiordesign #movablewall must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.  Steve MaraboliSimplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin1. You must let the pain visit.2. You must allow it teach you3. You must not allow it overstay.Ijeoma Umebinyuo, three ro"You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger."  Gautama Buddha#Zen #Buddhism #peace #Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -AnonymousPositivity is a choice."The more you suffer the deeper grows your character." - DT Suzuki on Suffering:  team is the 2015 WIAC Champions! Titans play in 1st round of NCAA DIII Championships on Nov. 21. CHAMPS!!  10-0. "It's a Ring Thing"  One proud coach. On to the playoffs!  #Uncommon happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations." ~Michael J. FoxThe ego lives through comparison. How you are seen by others turns into how you see yourself.Thank you to all of our active armed forces and to our Veterans. We thank you all for the sacrifices you have made for our country!I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.  Herbert Bayard SwopeThere is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.Life always offers you a second chance. Its called tomorrow.Use your feet!  not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.The older I get, the more I realize no one has any idea what they are actually doing and everyone is just pretending.If something bad happens, something good will come of it.Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.Empty empty emptyNever expect. Never assume. Never ask. Never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen.Proud of our  team. Overcame a lot of adversity to win 25-16 and go 9-0 on the year.  #Uncommon pain-body, which is the dark shadow cast by the ego, is actually afraid of the light of your consciousness.SB Soccer 2015 state champs!Show gratitude to those you love.This  late Pat Tillman would have turned 39 years old today.Gone. But never forgotten. #RIPPatTillman is now faced with a stark choice: Evolve or die." ~ Eckhart Tolle #humanityCare less, smile more.007 #SPECTREApproval of Others. We walk on eggshells just to please others. We do what #depression must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -Eleanor RooseveltOnce we start being honest with ourselves, we can stop indulging in things that cause pain to ourselves and others.Be thankful for today, because in one second, your entire life could change.All generalizations are false, including this one.