You have to hit like 9 3's the next game to get over this one Doug.  Noches  William Dobson, a 15-year-old high school football player, was killed shielding 3 girls from gunfire. Black owned city blocks Burned. 10,000 Black ppl left homeless. Up to 300 dead &amp;This is the headline.  Black men "to cut down on POSSIBLE criminals".Have things really changed from then? I know. That's what i'm saying. Labeled "Race Riots" to connote a battle of mutual hatred instead of "Angry White Males Destroy Thriving Black Communities "Some liberal whites be like..."How could I be Racist? My favorite band has a Black guy on congas.""The neighborhood is diverse &amp; artsy"Is whitespeak for..."You might see some Black people. But it's cool,  they're musicians."To many possible Revolutions are derailed simply by european powers taking out Leaders &amp; replacing them with puppets and fTrue Leaders must begin to train multiple members of their organizations knowing that if they become a big enough threat, It is important for Afrikan People globally to compare notes on what we have learned about our enemies so that we can straOnce they find out that the person can't be bought, the plan for their destruction is put into play. This is their standarUsually, they try to bribe, negotiate with, &amp; corrupt our leaders before that person gains the ear of the masses of Black History shows us that europeans often recognize those who are most sincere and serious about our liberation before we do.As a thought about leaders like Biko &amp; Lumumba, I thought about all of the Afrikan leaders globally that were murdered by Anyone on here seeking "Intelligent Debate" is really just a troll who cant wait to call you out your name.The 3Pyramid of 3Capitalism, 1911. http://t.co/gVssZbA08tlisten, i hated jafar as much as the next guy, but come on is it that in Suburban and Rural schools,Future success is the focus.While in public City schools, Current behavior is the focus."Ahh My Eye. I cant see. Why you shoot me in the eye? I would have shot you in the body."ICYMI: Spurrier's "rude" remark helps Tigers land nation's top back: #Clemson "To All My Childhood Actors In The Methadone Clinic!" Iman Shumpert delivers baby when fiancee goes into labor in bathroom hate being so petty that I will dislike an artist, team, candidate because their fans are obnoxious.#2015faves  "The colts aren't as good as their record" ....say word????????? Your mother not as good as h#Breaking no seizure warrant at the arrest of Martin Shkreli today, which means we didn't seize the Wu-Tang Clan album. I joined a gym I couldn't afford once. Lost 80lbs in 4 months. There 6 days a week,'cause i'd be pissed  w/o results . Selling it like..."Is Less than $10 a day Really to much to spend on a Stronger, Faster, More Attractive You?""Glazzzzed With Lunar Energy"Everyone on the panel except Jimmy knew this was racist af. media called a white supremacist riot that incl. tearing down fences, throwing beer bottles and fireworks at police, aAt Least He Dropped Her Off First But Damn.Man drops daughter on side of road before driving into oncoming train. say "Upgrade"I Hear "Add Bourbon"LOL! This is incredible. White people are now staging plays personifying their absurd nightmares. This is magic.  Hated Man in America" Martin Shkreli Was Just Arrested for Securities Fraud your daughters that in a healthy relationship her thoughts will be encouraged #WhenIWasAKid 3 Uses1)Sit underneath &amp; talk to my girl2)Call Time&amp;Temp3)Call radio Request Line   My kids say.."Dangggg,he be tappin'em" That's the level of trust put in "their" police to maintain white dominance and comfort. Their own are acceptable casualties. Do Dat Do Dat Do Do Dat Dat Dat. That's their grandkids. Their daughter is the one behind the bar serving up the Bud Lights. White persons own kid could get killed by police &amp; the parents would apologize to the cop for not raising their child right.Flint, Mich., there's so much lead in children's blood that a state of emergency is declared little-known history of how the Canadian government made Inuit wear "Eskimo tags" what?  I'll do that.Your Career is what's ugly Gilbert.  This is how shit gets perpetuated and dismissed as humor.I'm mad he is teaching his son This is part of masculinity &amp; for his daughters to accept it.  won't click the link on this article but i'm confident it's trash.  only reason diversity is whined about is because it threatens to diminish white dominance in spaces.Dominance is so important to establishing systematic disenfranchisement that giving that up means giving up assumed power Dec 20th. The good guy  ,   and many more are at the Laugh Factory in Chicago. Go support.  Chuck Brown &amp; The Soul Searchers "Bustin Loose" lawmaker wants to revoke scholarships if athletes protest Then whites will politicize and finger point on who the "real" racists are. As if politics has anything to do with anti-blackness. They try to absolve themselves when speaking to the Black community. Yet socially acceptable within the White. Thus rarely dealt w/. Michael ?And then, this happened... NBA ref announced he's gay after being targeted by slurs from Rajon Rondo. if we have a generation of youth inspired by and wanting to be like this horse when they grow up.  one of these photos show what police look like when they Actually fear for their lives. #NicholasRobertson time you see the Klan, #DabOnThemFolks #civilrightstwitter my Kane for President #mixtape saluting one of the dopest MC's EVER!#MusicMonday Used to work in grocery store.Women would steal one out of a box, slide it in,and sometimes leave a used one on the shelf.Let's be clear- we have HAD terrorists in America for some time now... here are three of them teen girl gets mixed up with violent refugees who seek to impose their fanatical religion. #ExplainAFilmPlotBadly https The People are the movementShaun king is not the movement. Deray is not the movement. Netta is not the movement. Remember that.Shaun King, Netta, Deray, Umar Johnson all the celebrity activists don't give a damn bout black people when they off the This whole NFL season sucks.Wait,  What I miss today?  Hot n Ready Irritable Bowel SyndromeHow much y'all pay for 13 seconds?  of accused mosque arsonist describe him as a loner 'caught up on social media' is nuts: Every single time Bucks end a 12+ game win streak, the loser has won NBA titlehtWhen you're a vegan and haven't told anyone in 8 minutes Bucks have snapped the 2 longest winning streaks in NBA history (1971-72 Lakers 33 ...Warriors 28). onto TL*  Who's training these police?!? those 40's and Everybody think I'm 28 mayyybe 30. Mann, I got Kids in their 20's   they had to be thinking for Sure nobody was watching.  #Prince dropped a surprise album this morning: from Shaun Livingston's hometown of Peoria visiting Indy to support their World Champ &amp; friends made the 200 mile trek to Indiana from Peoria, Illinois to support hometown hero Going to Know His Name  Marcus King"   video shows #Texas man had his hands up before he was shot by cops video - #GilbertFlores  Marker probably has his evil sister's fingerprints all over it.