MTA #1: he literally didnt have the balls to not kill jewsMTA #2: the holocaust is half chicks fault. i KNEW it[series of hi-fives, farts]In a musty porn-strewn garage somewhere a men's-rights group is debating how to make the Hitler testicle news "work for us" everyone should shave their head at least onceCMLL on 2015-12-18 YOU'RE ON SKIM ICE, PAL a full gallon -- skim as they make it, brotherI mean it didn't work out perfectly b/c no underpants but it's not like I'm at a big dance or something, I'm just at Ralph's #lifeontop great question and dunno but I'm sure his PR people will make that clear in the morning i'm 37 and buying milk -- you're doing great. HBD!I changed to go the pool and then didn't go and forgot to change back but it worked out fine b/c I put on shorts not a swimsuit #lifeontopalmost sounds like Draymond's setting up a riddle. If he tells you a story about a doctor that touched his head, CHECK YOUR SEXISMhe hits the word "man" very pointedly -- Draymond is leaving open the possibility that women can touch his headATTN: men planning on touching Draymond's head your language-learning app completely gets you is pantheon level heel work, and it is GLORIOUS. All they need is for Paul Heyman to introduce the starting lineups.For everyone who wonders why there's such an overlap between NBA Twitter and wrestling, the Warriors are basically the ansWarriors decided not to take a dive after all. Seems short-sighted to me but what do I know? Luke Walton is the teacher, we are all studentsDraymond's mom is in on it. Most teams would go 82-0 like suckers -- we know when to pretend to be vulnerable have still been struggling so Dubs may have to throw 'em another one -- gotta get 'em ready for Cleveland in Round 1. So, so, so smartR.I.P. Milwaukee Bucks tonightis resisting leaving the house, saying it'd be more fun to have a "couch picnic." Not sure how to play it -- she's obviously rightwhen you successfully change your cell phone plan there is an acclaimed indy wrestler named Kyle O'Reilly, it is exhausting first waking favwhen you elliptical for the second night in a row  for the  love!!  (     Table would've required a left turn. Back at the Arches, McNugging. Eat what you knowLONG line at Panda -- well-deserved but frustrating. Scoping out Round Table, stand by i have only gone there on datesHave been hitting McD's pretty hard so it's off to Panda Express. I live in a food rainforestI talked to the world's #1 teen  i like her and her music too but the Internet can't *just* be late-70s pictures of Debbie HarryMe (receiving "Chinatown" script): ...nahMe (receiving "By The Sea" screener): I'd rather die than watch this but I'm glad I have itMe (watching "Big Short" screener): Smartly crafted. I could learn a lot from this movieMe (opening "Big Short" script): uch, more garbageMe (receiving "Steve Jobs" screener): Cool. As a writer I am curious about thisMe (receiving "Steve Jobs" script): ugh what is this SHITOne more flog (for now): Streaming TV is making better comedies than dramas right now--here are 5 worth gobbling: you finally use your home gym the way you told your wife you would      i'm also more obscure than any previous guest. fame diversity! thx!Back at Target and feeling no pain let's do thisMost coffee shop conversations consist of a man blandly holding forth on every single topic and a saintly tired smiling woman nodding alongYou thought ya boy was done trying new things?! Ya boy just joined Pinterest!! It's confusing ya boy all to hell! Ya boy is mystifiiiied NPR Makes People Dumber hadn't noticed -- hauntingSouth Pasadena Library, mere blocks away from the video store #lifeontop they are dreadful The Coolest Invention in Human History Has Already Happened you rascalI don't know, you guys -- I don't think these guys are all that greatJohn Kasich looks like Chris Mortensen after a horrible month or two TOPIC: We Should Be Done With HatsGRAHAM: "Wolf, just one more thing: rodents of unuuuuuusual saaaaaaaahhhhze"I want Graham to keep doing Princess Bride stuff foreverwhen you drive all the way to Trader Joe's only to realize there's non-TJ's stuff on the grocery list genuinely did not remember that moment.. you may be on to something here Nestor, I will ride for Arnold till the sun burns out, but that movie was triggity trashNon-parents: savor bad movies. Bathe in them. And give them my best, while I'm off watching Aguirre: The Wrath of God or whatever the fuck so far I get to watch "Lady and the Tramp" and "Frozen" and "Frozen" and "Frozen" and "Lady and the Tramp." Next up: "Frozen"And it's not like people stopped making bad movies. Don't pretend to be nice. There's tons of dogshit these days and it's just passing me byI saw *15* different movies in 1999 that were worse than the worst movie I saw this year. The Corruptor. Stigmata. Lake Placid. End of Days.The last awful movie I saw in the theater was "Escape Plan." Baaaaad. The level of moviemaking was unacceptable. And dammit, that felt greatI bet Rush Hour 3 sucks. But I'll never know, because I missed it when it came out and I'll never watch it now. In a way, that's devastatingThe Perfect Storm? Movie stinks! I've poured a good eight hours into that pile. I will never see it again... all I see are great movies now.I've spent 9-10 hours of my life watching parts of Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, a bad movie that I dislike. I could never do that now. SadA quiet tragedy of parenthood is that you no longer have time to watch bad movies. If you hear a movie's bad you just skip it. It's weird.Hunger is one of the top ten reasons that I eat, but there's no way it's top fiveI finally clicked on a Longreads link! I'm for sure not gonna read it but still this is progresslucha is cool because maybe a dog will just wander into the ring and the rudos will sell for it this point in The Good Wife I have a better understanding of Robert &amp; Michelle King's sexual tastes than I have of my own google sez no. never saw LWM which is weird because I remember reading at least two different articles about itMmmm... Daddy likey those passages are so damn cringy   made this claim before listening to #64, did not mean to intrude. a sound thrashing by you twoShout out to documentaries for changing my life for five minutesthis is y'all in 40 years, wondering where your money went (i'll have it all) (b/c of these stamps) you get rich by buying a shit-ton of "forever" stamps and waiting? Is that what Buffett did? If not let me know, already buying i mean, these are terrific. how one could do anything BUT come around is beyond me this is good this one's goodthis one's fun really good awesomepretty beautiful excitinghonestly maybe they're just goodJust Shazamed a Cyndi Lauper Christmas song and I'd DO IT AGAIN deeeeetsI'm getting pretty into emojis it's like one huge rec room, we're thinking?Daughter loves Minnie Mouse, a position I find flat-out indefensibleDID YOU KNOW?: Crazy Stupid Love is part of the My Best Friend's Wedding Cinematic UniverseBased on how often I use the word "visceral" I must think it means, like, a LOT of different thingsMan, Target's great. I really like it Jan was history's best and most beautiful monsterEvery time I get down on myself I remember: Stephen Curry is the best basketball player in the world and I weigh 30 pounds more than he does WOW results were almost immediate thanks so much