Windy, cold, few flurries. Great snowmaking. Check the forecast. #WxOnThe1s   boys basketball beat Saratoga on Friday night to stay perfect early in the season: High School's boys basketball team won on the road at CBA on Friday night: Greenbush police have identified a suspect in a fatal stabbing in Wynantskill: City Hall in mourning following death of city director of operations Bill Chamberlain: NYSPHSAA state basketball tournament to move from Glens Falls to Binghamton starting in 2017: effect snow impacting some areas. Will it affect you? Mike and Karen at 8. #WxOnThe1s  remembers #Berne boy killed last year believe forensic evidence they have in stabbing death of Bill Chamberlain is significant, say a lot of progress maNorth Greenbush Police have identified a suspect in connection with Thursday night's fatal stabbing in Wynantskill: high temperatures #518wx #WXonthe1s Lt. Governor Karyn Polito visited Northern Berkshires Friday with a stop in #NorthAdamsMA: #Berkshires has been charged with violation of parole for previous burglary conviction Police identify Joseph Vandenburgh as a suspect in connection w/ fatal stabbing of Bill Chamberlain #BREAKING: N. Greenbush police identify Joseph Vandenburgh as suspect in death of Bill Chamberlain. Parole warrant fileMost of region can count on less than 1 inch of snow this weekend. Exception is northwest of Gloversville. Be safe! stabbed to death near his home between 10, 10:30 Thursday night. No word on who is being questioned or if they've been charged.Sources confirm that person is being questioned in connection w/ death of William Chamberlain, Director of Operations for the city of Troy.NYSPHSAA state basketball tournament to leave Glens Falls after 36-year-run: State Boys High School Basketball Tournament to leave  after 36 year run. Story: football community wanted to help Officer Nick Colaneri with medical expenses, so it raised $1,500: TWCNews Traffic Center Albany: Accident I-90 WB in the right shoulder at Exit 5, Everett Rd. TWCNews Traffic Center Albany: Accident NWAY NB at Exit 2W. right shoulder. Slow Traffic. Effect productive east of both Lakes w/ occasional squalls into portions of Eastern NY. high school basketball championships moving from Glens Falls to Binghamton for 2017: #TWCNews family is growing! Congrats to weekend anchor &amp; reporter  &amp; his wife on baby Ethan Thomas! bit of wintry weather to get you in the holiday spirit this weekend #lakesnow #518wx #NorthGreenbush police hold a press conference on fatal stabbing of a #Troy official. are investigating human remains found in this wooded area near Johnstown. MORE: feeling like mid December this weekend, but it doesn't last long #518wx marks 1 year since the tragic death of 5-year-old #KennethWhite who was killed by his cousin. MORE --&gt; #BerneImpress your family and friends with this yummy chocolate crackle cookie recipe --&gt; #Troy Director of Operations Stabbed to Death Near Home on Powell Street --&gt; #Wynantskill #CapitalRegionUnion College football searches for new head coach, as John Audino retires after 24 seasons: via Could we see some lake snow this weekend?  &amp;   let you know LIVE at 8AM! #518wx 'Star Wars' film brings fans to Albany theatres:  20 warmer than they should be this AM.  &amp;  have your weekend forecast at 7AM! big Christmas gift for Sa'fyre Terry: More than 450,000 cards, packages, etc.: blast of cold air will make it look &amp; feel more like December on Saturday..and then what? high temperatures #518wx #WXonthe1s Bennett sentenced to six years in prison on drug charges, still facing murder trial in child's death: Star Wars fans speed to Crossgates Mall for screening of 'The Force Awakens': via Widespread rain moved out but still another batch of showers to move through. Forecast at SUV crashes head-on into Berkshire Regional Transit Authority bus in #CheshireMA: #Berkshires miss! Learn more about #Schenectady's  in today's  #BizBeat.  TWCNews Traffic Center Albany: Accidents Now: 787 NB Exit 3, 787 SB Exit 1 ramp, NWAY NB exit 5. are looking for two people involved in a convenience store robbery Thursday morning in #LansingburghNY: TWCNews Traffic Center Albany: Accident on Rt. 9 at Malta Ave in Malta. Lane blocked. Football coach John Audino is stepping down.  More coming up in sports.Also added no one in the house was hurt. Said more information could come by tomorrow.Just got a call from Berkshire County DA David Capeless. He told me the driver of the SUV is in critical condition. Bus d#518traffic TWCNews Traffic Center Albany: Slow, Heavy Traffic NWAY NB Exit 7 to past Twins to Riverview Rd. O-pass htSource tells me 2 people were in critical condition when firefighters responded. Also, driver of BRTA has was wearing seaWitnesses: SUV crashes head-on into BRTA bus in #CheshireFollow  for more: say this suv collided head on with the BRTA bus couple who abducted two #Amish girls to be sentenced today in a federal court in #Syracuse. MORE --&gt; actually feeling like mid December this weekend. Some spots could even see a few snow showers! #518wx Wars Fans "Awaken' for Movie Marathon --&gt;  #Albany #Guilderland #StarWarsDry now, but you'll want to have the umbrella today.  &amp;  tell you why LIVE at 8AM! high school hockey, Saratoga skated past Shenendehowa on Wednesday night: via Looking like another warm day, but does it come at a price?  &amp;  tell you LIVE at 7AM! accused of stealing Christmas gifts for children in need from #HudsonNY school: via . hockey beats  5-2 in this #518hockey rivalry game.  Highlights here Phil Steck will keep fighting to limit the reach of the State Liquor Authority. the umbrella with you on Thurs. It's going to be a soggy aft'n. Cold for the weekend? Cuomo's push against substance abuse includes videos released by Office of Alcoholism &amp; Substance Abuse: high temperatures #518wx #WXonthe1s High School softball standout Hunter Levesque has made a verbal commitment to the University of Pittsburgh: women's basketball team is headed for California and the USC Women of Troy Classic: boys lead  27-16 at the half. #518hoopsTroy softball standout Hunter Levesque has given her verbal commitment to   More here does the Federal Reserve's raise of its key interest rate mean for you? TWCNews Traffic Center Albany: Crash NWAY SB at Exit 2W. RIGHT LANE BLOCKED. Columbia County family who lost their home over the weekend got a surprise early Christmas gift of a new home: day with above average temps! Avg high is about 36 &amp; as a bonus we got sun today! REVIEW:  looks at how "Star Wars: The Force Awakens compares to its predecessors: Mont Pleasant Middle School on lockdown after person claiming to be parent threatened school. MORE--&gt; finally breaks out. Not so dry tomw. Any cold on the way? #WxOnThe1s   a road trip/flight with your kids this holiday season?  has some travel tips here --&gt; of the two men who tried to make a device to carry out a terror plot was sentenced in federal court. #AlbanyDo you date a nut? Well, maybe they'd like these date nut pinwheel cookies! RECIPE --&gt; Trump Draw Attacks from GOP Rivals at Tuesday Night Debate --&gt; boys basketball picks up another win Tuesday night, beating Bethlehem: different feel this morning, but still much warmer than it should be for December 16th is trying to come out, but will it?  &amp;  let you know LIVE at 8AM! #518wx girls basketball holds off Watervliet: via Cloudy &amp; quiet to start our Wednesday.  &amp;  let you know if we brighten up LIVE at 7AM! 9-year-old calls 911 when a house fire breaks out, saving the house: via House and Senate to permanently renew #ZadrogaAct health and compensation programs in spending bill set to pass via Increasing sun with relatively mild temps Wednesday. Changes later in the week. #WxOnThe1s  https://t.co/RNhXuFbO64