I don't see how you can hate from outside of the bowl. You can't even get in *Chris Brown voice* #NCAT #NCCUwhen black men slander black women online fuckin love when people tell you how they feel . I love when people can push their ego aside and express themselves .All I wanna do is watch sex and the city#2015faves Afropunk. Shot by me. Black Girls taking over Brooklyn Bridge. Shot by me. #HeyBlackGirl  by Gathman's Mathogothanio #BallPenArt Some pen-exercise checking elbow pain... I HATE Twitter. Who put ROSA PARKS in the back? LMFAO  just lay in bed nude because we are too lazy to get dressed People mean well today, but their unpredictable behavior is en... More for Libra the badass superhero. women can post naked pics and you can still respect them dick head  I swear the smallest cuts hurt the most. don't play whenever you're ready "Black women."Them: "WoC?"Me: "Black women."Them: "ALL women?"Me: "Black women."Them: "Black men?"Me: "Black women.At first Dj Khaled was funny cause I thought he was playing but he really do that shit everyday smh Go sky diving  peace and overall joy that radiates to your outward appearance and attracts others to your positivity   knowing if I'm going to be successful or not  stared at  2016, NYX may drop a product which can be used to change shades &amp; undertones in foundation for the best match  did I spill too much tea http://t.co/Q1oE8llyaP http://t.co/iWsvzjileuTest new lipsticks on your fingertips because fingertips and lips have similar blood vessel concentration so they are ctrying to stay awake for baeEverybody's attitude next semester  *takes notes*Hot glue for a wig ?  it stays longer and you can wash it and it's quicker  ran out of hot glue. How will I finish this wig. How?!Somebody have a look at this you've been snapchatting bae all day but had to do your hair &amp; you're self concious about your bantu knots Wiz Cast:Dorthy- Janell Mone Scarecrow- Chris BrownTin man-Usher Lion- Cee-LoWiz-Kevin Heart Ms1-Patti LabelleFruit flavored chocolate is for devil worshippersretweet  veryOne of my friends graduation pictures Bruh this is creative AF  off de   de plus en plus fan I think I look when I'm commenting "" vs. how I actually look cane and hershey chocolate for dinner. This must be what adulting feels like"SEASONING THAT CHICKEN "  you find yourself a fine ass lesbian who's socially aware and can make you laugh ANDD got a fatty...keep herAfro babe can't fwu if your parents still control every move you make exactly lmaoBitch it's coldUsually that fine ass person ain't shit anyways so... % of Donald Trump supporters that were polled said they were in favor of bombing Agrabah...which is the made up cou and chocolate. I had a long day...Brown smokey eye  people: the reason you are uncomfortable talking with black people about race is that you don't really understand it  dykes are trash, cause Scorpios.So accurate  boards, manifestation lists, eternal gratitude. These things work. And December is the perfect time to put them intoI'm going the whole fuck home. I'll try again tomorrow because no.When you get caught flexing with your parent's money for season 4 like..  Virgos Aries be like: How long can yall hold a grudge? Stuffed French Toast with Macerated Strawberries If you knew someone that murdered 20 ppl and they payed you $50,000,000 to stay quiet..what you doing? httGoing through life like.. ever think about sumshit that happened a long time ago &amp; get mad all over again? Happened to me this morning.You might be slightly disappointed when your ideas are unsuppo... More for Libra the gift that I really wanna get I can't When you hear a random noises around the house but  you rather die then get up It's almost go time  hating black men lmao  africa isn't a monolith http://t.co/8C3mmWeOdZThe Confidence Post is here! RT! pray God deletes every ounce of laziness and procrastination in my body in 2016!Legit just don't be attracted to most women. You have nothing to worry about. I'm not checking for you loveYall feel like every gay person wants you bc they are gay. When truth be told, you aren't even on their radar. Can yew rela hey love, do you have any products suggestions for contour, mine never show upHow you imagine your eyebrows after finishing your eyebrow routine  Liquid Suede Swatches opal highlighters (Elf Blush Gems Baked Highlighter, Elf Golden Bronzer, Hard Candy Tiki, Revlon Skinlights) httpDj Khaled saved my life .. Thank you for your life changing words .... Thank you I love art, music, words, moment that make me feel alive, that put me back in touch with the most human parts of me, t37. I choose to be kind, gentle. I choose to love. I choose to smile. I choose to give. I choose to have grace. That's wha36. The world has forced me to be a "strong black woman." "Strong" is what I am in order to survive. It is not something I