It really is a winter wonderland, these snowflake images are incredible! #walkinginawinterwonderland #macrosnow for the support, we appreciate it! you've procrastinated getting your Holiday Greenery....now is the time to stop!  20% off all Christmas Trees,... favorite ornament was shared with us, and how beautiful it is!  This one must look spectacular when... a list of some interesting holiday traditions from around the world.  What holiday traditions are... than 2 weeks 'til Christmas!  If you haven't picked up your tree from Glover's, come on down and we'll help... perfect gift for a gardner - Glover Nursery Gift Card!  They can use it in the spring to create something... interesting history about the most famous Christmas Tree in North America.  #rockefellercenter... beautifully decorated tree in a public park.  Isn't it wonderful seeing the crowds gather around to enjoy the... wonderful suggestions for gifts you can make at home out of the fantastic herbs you grew and dried; homemade... a cute idea for those hanging baskets; why wait until spring to use them again?  Put some branches and... us the 'after' pic if you get a chance, we'd love to see how it looks! creative use of plants and lights to create a stunning holiday display. of our happy customers shared this photo of a favorite ornament on her tree from Glover Nursery....it... to bring a little winter wonder into your home for the holidays?  A beautifully flocked tree is the... I forget to mention the beautiful poinsettias we have in stock?  These stunning blooms are the perfect way to... Nursery December Newsletter you see the amazing new pergola our team built?  We are so excited to have this beautiful new structure... a winter wonderland at Glover Nursery on this Small Business Saturday!  A perfect day to pick out your fresh... great place for this opportunity in Utah is Glover Nursery, we always have  available!  the season for Christmas trees, wreaths, garland and gift cards. We have it all and are here to help you... the season for Christmas trees, wreaths and gift cards. We have all three and are here to help you find what... you all a happy and healthy Thanksgiving Day from the Glover Nursery family.  Thank you for your business... the season for Christmas trees, wreaths and gift cards.  We have all three and are here to help you find... is adorably silly...but since we wouldn't have many items for our feast without the mighty pollinators, it... my goodness, the smell in the air makes us crave hot apple cider and fresh sugar cookies.  The trees are being... last of our bulbs. There is still a pretty gorgeous selection available, so if you haven't already - take the... are SO excited for our first shipment of fresh-cut Christmas trees!!!  Did you know we sell these beauties... you gather your goodies for Thanksgiving, don't forget that you can create gorgeous centerpieces from items... list of even more reasons to love trees.  We agree with the last one, they make us happy too!... gorgeous photo makes us eager for spring blossoms!  "a fun one for you Hunger Games trilogy fans!#hungergames #plants fall colors in this pic are amazing!  So beautiful.  "a great idea! there is a water feature we'd all love to have in our yards!  How pretty!! "beautiful!  What a gorgeous setting. "Hacienda El Paraso Cauca Valley Colombia a locally owned and locally operated business, we are proud to participate in Local First.  Take a look at the... cute!! One of our favorite things about fall - crunchy leaves. "Autumn (Vine by  " there's a road we want to drive!  How gorgeous! "you ready for the snow and colder temps coming this weekend?  Today's a great day to finish up prepping your... example of what some great landscaping can do.  Well done! little pop of color for your Friday. As much as we love fall color and winter magic, spring is our favorite.... your time in the garden now that it's gotten a bit colder?  Well, don't fret!  There is still plenty of... the birth flower for November is the Chrysanthemum, aka Mums.  They are gorgeous, vibrant fall flowers... of the many adorable contestants for our pumpkin drop...can you see the beautiful dragonfly on her little... out the amazing pictures of our 1st Annual Pumpkin Smash and Food Drive.  So many happy faces!  What a fun... posted 50 photos on Facebook in the album "Glover Nursery's 1st Annual Pumpkin Smash and Food Drive" to all who came to our food raiser!!  We had a very successful Pumpkin Smash and gathered a great deal of... Smash is going strong, and what a beautiful day for it!  Only 2 more hours to join the fun, don't delay,... AM - 2 PM today at Glover Nursery, 9275 South 1300 West....come join the fun!  Share your photos of the event... reminder about this amazing event we're hosting tomorrow - it is going to be filled with festivity for the... sun rays shining down, how pretty! "Wake up shining beamRise and sound a sweet green many gorgeous photos popping up, here's a few to inspire you.  Share your favorite autumn / winter mash with... all you beekeepers out there...."How to embed wax foundation think this flower is saying "HELLO LOOK AT ME!"  So cute and so happy! "get over all these stunning fall colors, another beautiful photo! "the landscape here, mother nature has some incredible designs. "River in Chess Valley AND beautiful! "a beautiful picture of a gorgeous autumn forest.  Thank you for sharing! else drooling in anticipation of our pumpkin pie tasting competition this Saturday?  Here's a great... we do enjoy the fall colors, pictures like this make us so eager for spring bulbs! "the fall colors! "#happydayall on earth, these are stunning pics! "Old Growth Trees: Rain Forest Hoh River Trail #Serenity Nursery November Newsletter shows a man's character more than what he laughs at #retweet #fb #socialmedia bright red pop of color really stands out in this autumn medley. #autumnleaves #redmakesitpop #beautiful sure makes for some stunning pictures, this is gorgeous! "stunning landscape, how beautiful!  Thank you for sharing "it looks like a variety of coreopsis.If you plan on storing your dahlia tubers, give this a read first. photo, thank you for sharing! "Wild Wow!  This #bamboo #forest is incredible! "Bamboo Forest, Japan Halloween!! "Happy Halloween!!! a happy and safe Halloween!  And remember to save those incredible Jack o' lanterns for next weeks pumpkin... cat is ready for Halloween! "Pumpkin eyes never sleep at night!  a stunning photo, the colors are amazing and the plants are incredible.  Thanks for sharing! RT And here's one for if you already cleaned up your leaves but want to use them for other things.... this a read before you start your weekend chores of cleaning up the leaves. #grubprevention #leavetheleaves... pretty, we miss roses and can't wait for next season! ""Moonstone" rose in my rose garden little bird! "Popular on 500px : Showing Off My Yellow Bloomers !!!! by judylynn fun look back at gardening techinques 260 years ago.  Some things are different, but as it states in the... gonna try this in their yard next year?  #epicgardening #growyourown #kickitupanotch sweet, thanks for sharing! "Brother made birdhouse, replica of cabin we vacationed in as kids...A reminder about our upcoming Pumpkin Smash and Food Drive, everythign is gearing up to be a GREAT time for the... you get your bulbs planted yet?  Better pick them up before they're gone!  A rainbow of colors just waiting... we love this page! "My 1000th #follower! #Thankyou to all! a fun way to use pumpkins as plant holders.  #pumpkinmadness #beautifulplantholders #gloverlovesit for exotic color and texture for your garden? I love our Krebs Desert Rose Hens an ...Autumn leaves.#nofilter #beautiful #glovernursery USU Extension, check it out: "Fall is in the air and the leaves have mostly changed, which means it's time... https://t.co/lq28xyUg1O