The dirt on saving the planet via Neil Young, Willie Nelson, Dave Matthews, John Mellencamp: Help Us Stop the DARK Act via Kahala plots further growth after  acquisition  Just Mayo will keep its name but change its label | Paleo proliferates internationally lack of eggs, Just Mayo says it's keeping its name herbalist struggles with FDA regulations via Whole Foods denies its shrimp is prepared by slave labor  via Creative ways restaurants &amp; bars are going green by reusing their booze -  Bourdain, Trump and More: The Biggest Food Stories of 2015 flavor of the year?  says coconut Confirms: Almost Everyone Is Stressed Around the Holidays by Millions of 'organic' eggs come from industrial scale chicken operations, group says win labels for GMO 'frankenfish' Gatorade? Yes. PepsiCo will bring it to market next year via  from historic Paris climate summit: Organic food and farming can save the planet via Sorry, America: Chipotle CEO offers fat newspaper ad apology a look at what people are telling the FDA about defining 'natural' Foods Mackey denies reports company plans to go private win labels for GMO salmon Pepsi Is Making Its Vending Machines Healthier. via  now up to 11 inches of snow in #Boulder, and it's still falling   #cowx in #supplements: A case study with  Join the webinar this Thursday at 2 p.m. 10 new products #vegan shoppers will love pesticides out of your home - use these natural options instead. Learn more: out the winners of the 2016 #ExpoEast #NEXTY Awards! #natural  #innovation hNeed to feed the fam in 5 min?!?!?! Beyond Bolognese to the rescue #Holidaze... organizations working to create a better food future:   healthier and more sustainable shrimp-made with algae instead of shrimp: by  via The truth behind the sell-by date via A cellular cinnamon shield against cancer? via Via  As More Israelis Go Vegan, Their Military Adjusts Its Menu a new process for the #NEXTY awards with more benefits for brands at #ExpoWest: do you find #investors to grow your #business? Watch now to get tips from an experienced #entrepreneur!of recently acquired  shares ingredients for an impactful start-up up the holiday cookie plate this year! Our 12 seasonal favorites: #recipes #baking httpA Protein In The Gut May Explain Why Some Can't Stomach Gluten via The idea is not to "change to plant based." The idea is to make plant-based food more accessible to everyone.  #carrottalkThese are America's healthiest (and least healthy) states: a new process for the #NEXTY awards with more benefits for brands at #ExpoWest: to the just-announced #NEXTY winners from #ExpoEast! of the Year | Clean Label Honored to have had him speak at #ExpoEast lobbyists are sneaking an anti-GMO labeling law into a crucial budget bill: Enjoy traditional Jewish holiday fare with fresh ingredients and flavor: next superfruit? How branding and packaging affect the way consumers trust food: ways to love your liver via Grocery stores bring healthy options to checkout lanes pinch of ginger, salt, and a squeeze of fresh lemon juice before a meal will help aid proper #digestion.  htFood trend alert: Sprouted grains Coleman: Why You Cant Have Organic Food Without Soil #WorldSoilDay for these 5 natural #beverage trends in 2016 CEO on debate over GMO and food labeling via Could probiotics be a new strategy for weight loss? via Heres to a gluten-free Christmas: cashing in on the wheat-free trend  LA's Top Restaurant Charts New Waters In Sustainable Seafood Diego-based investment firm to buy neat foods Genetically Modified Pigs Next After FDA Approves Salmon? | forward-thinking message on renewables these! 19 inspiring ideas for easy DIY terrariums Gatorade? via Honest Tea co-founder reduces his role as companys TeaEO Goldman '95,  founder, named exec of year by  #yalesomalumni is more': Trend toward fewer ingredients to continue in 2016: the food industry is using natural flavors to win consumer favor via Training Farmers to Be Better Business People  been a whirlwind month of GMO developments. Steve Hoffman of  recaps: proof that chemicals in cosmetics can pose health risks:  #beauty packaging is the Achilles' heel of the natural products industry. Agree/disagree? Apple Cider Vinegar Really Deliver? I Tested 8 Beauty Uses &amp; Here's What I Found shortcuts when you live alone: #tableforone #HarvardHealth interesting take. But who says #Friendsgiving can't include #family?We're encouraging the FDA to align food labeling regulations with nutrition science &amp; expert advice: York is first U.S. city with salt warning on restaurant menus via Want to save the bees? Help support research for organic ag! Learn more: #GivingTuesday Is No Longer Optional: How Food Companies Can Restore Trust via  foods can help make them easier to digest.  #digestion #guthealth #eatsmart #wellness say soda taxes just may work. Expect more on 2016 ballots. ready to eat crickets? Try feeding them to your dog: via 9 Healing Benefits of Pomegranates via THE best (and easiest) way to use #Thanksgiving leftovers. Enjoy! Its Time to Fix Our School Lunch Problem #SaveSchoolLunch measure of a business is about how it serves the community [...] &amp;what value [it] can offer society." - babies healthy foods early may shape childhood tastes via Tried and true tricks for surviving cold and flu season: Verified strives to empower consumers, challenge cosmetics status quo  via "The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention." - Oscar Wilde #HappyThanksgiving25 Drinks for your Thanksgiving Table  via Nominations for our 2016 Supplement Awards close 11/30submit yours now! #nutritionmatters ht"The Pinnacle deal is about cutting costs; it's not about innovation." -R. Caldbeck, CircleUp $PF $