im gettin into g-eazy, thnx fariaYo theses nigga got one more time to say something about Marshall and I swear it's a green lightblabberinglike just gettin fed up of it and actually thinking about it u can physically feel ur heart bein tiredit's tiring wanting people's acceptance and thinking their opinions matters. beastiality is illegal Tyler tbh fuck yall for lettin this flopWhy Em and  giving the new Jordan x Eminem sneakers free to every rich person they know but don't give something tothis bus has been due for fucking 10 minutesthe asian in me sees noodles in her hair ALAN, ZOE, JOE, VERONICA, ELLE, LEITH BURN IN HECKjust poppin in to say helloDJ Khaled got his girl pregnant... fighting each other gotta love Twitter man you know that columbus was an absolute cunt but youre r.e teacher doesnt. so u boutta educate him wit your presentation haTHIS SHITS STRAIGHT FIRE. SHES SO GOOD I LOVE HER  fleeky*my sisters sleepin on the couch and im just starin at her highlight bc omg damn dat shit blinding me its so fleaky im crywhen I type like a roadman just know that I don't talk like this irlIM SCREAMING I JUST FOUND MY DADS TWITTER RUDUSFGJWNAOSVSIBS fame changed zayn so much :( still sighing myself to deathsighing myself to death her pick it back up  trussst oh my god wtf  this article about the whole situation n they included tweets from ppl who was chattin bare shitlmaoo if you think earls lyrically better than Em then pls stop and re-evaluate ya life ya fuckin shiteheadSometimes I wanna tweet a selfie of myself but I ain't trynna set the world on fire.Bruv say goodbye to your career... Wait tf am I saying... You're a flop, you ain't even got a career  what happened to your hands? have their right to say no to sexually engage with anyone who they dont find attractive. wyd  the real questions  SAY PUSSY KEEP IT GOING ppl say Em fell off and they refer to rap god as a proof. like wyd??? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  beat you the fuck up We all know this is true isnt anyone fucking replying to meim so glad hes actually alive pic of #Eminem and KXNG Crooked the d12 facebook page is turning into a meme page kind of thing Eminem lyric/wordplay appreciation tweet  LMAOJHAHAHAJAKAJDBSBSNhow are you gonna quote a tweet that uses the word "stanswered" kill ur fat fucking self  I MISS YOU SO MUCHThe first! Salute. #ShadyWars my tl as dead as azealia banks career hmm??Donald trump doesn't hold the keys to success so wyd shit get bangedearl why chattin shit forwhy am i bein exposed peng safe uno  me bruv  the mandem controls hows you treat your girl then youre a wastemanLMAOAIJAJKAKAKAKAKAKAK made my day THINK THE SPIDER HAS A TAIL WHAT KIND OF SPIDER HAS A TAIL I'M CALLING OBAMAchat shit get bangedwhen ur name starts wit an 'X' so u cam only buy xylophones and x-ray machines  can't all white people think like this  bus has been due for 10 fucking minsText any girl or guy you know "scared to death, scared to look, they shook" and tweet us their response!ello babe white so  Please spread the word! This is an obvious hate crime and consequences are needed! #justiceforhamza singing "Cleanin' Out My Closet" by Eminem. needa start gettin up earlier, I'm alway fucking 30 minutes late to schoolmans late againOMGGAHAHAHHAHAA what I'm gonna be hot next year like fam dis the year I'll finally love my body completely, trust me! I want to poke my eyeballs out every time i look at old messages and I see me using it will I die a virgin? pls tell me my future right here rnwhen will mariyam return from her graveok srs tho I'm really skinny so my New Years resolution is to gain weight and be healthy lolIM DRINKING WATER LOL LOOK AT ME IM HEALTHY AND SKINNY XOXOX lmaooo, the guys an actual dick anyways Bruh if someone said that to a girl infront of me i would send them back to B.C. with a right hook and I deadass thought WHO TF EVEN SAID I WOULD CONSIDER DATIN U LMAO WYDdis boy said today that he would gladly date me but all I need to do is eat lots of McDonald's and get some ass and boobsDrake's 'Back To Back' just got nominated for a Grammy and Twitter has erupted!  today isn't that day https://t.co/Ut1MtdUCbg