Five years ago today, the Royals traded Zack Greinke to Milwaukee for Lorenzo Cain, Alcides Escobar, Jake Odorizzi, and JChelsea have scored two first-half goals in a Premier League game for the first time since August. #CFC Larry" was in The Wire, now I've seen it all i think the fans recognize the panthers, but recently former players turned analyst still believe they're above that orgmillard south alumn ripping the kids saying they ruined the schools rep sound stupid af. That place was always wildin 04-08Never forget that the real people to worry/fear wear suits and uniforms. dry pussy wears a uniform in omaha  there's a mole on my futbol team. How stupid is Jose Mourinho?Can offseason acquisitions go anymore wrong for the dodgers?????so, I'm officially addicted to The Wire. thanks  for a reason to binge sad it's the word we have to use, but a friend from hs just escaped one of those. good for you both  hahaha. if only last years success happened this yearColon makes sure MLB has a former Expo for at least one more year.Bartolo Colon resigned with the Mets for 1 more year. This is great news for all sandwich shops in Queens.Teacher- please email me any questions or concerns, I always check my email.Emails teacher at 730am................Yup, still waiting.It's a shame that "words i never said" was a track on such a commercialized album and not some underground mixtape   prime example of how America sucks ass at existing remember when local news gave him an exclusive interview about changing Omaha gang violence..... lmao.One thing about #Dodgers: Their continued amassing of young talent easily could lead to other moves to strengthen the teNot mad about Trayce Thompson thoI think I feel bad for Todd Frazieri don't get how people can just live off someone...go to school or at least get a jobold dudes basically tear eachother's throats out then go smoke a cigarette and now it's chill af hahahaThe #Dodgers chasing free agents like .  . . trollllolololololololololol football is more than the QB. Not everyone loves just the biggest baby on the fieldELECTRIC FOREST TICKETS ARE TODAYS MI$$ION. I NEED A $UGAR DADDY. JUST FOR THIS PURCHASE. OR A SUGAR MAMA/UNCLE, W/E, BUY youre right about the Beckham watch-ability. I hate the Giants but now I have to watch their offense because of what he might doEVERYONE lights up the giants defense. ryan tannehills looked likewell, ryan tannehill.Odell is unreal athleticI love being able to hear Beckham's reaction to the call haha. WHAT?!?    That'll be 6, for sureJarvis Landry and OBJ have been perfecting their one-handed catches since their time together at LSU. at Nike would get scared when Kobe would come in to review shoe ideas because he was so demanding.Out of any athlete that has done a deal with Nike, insiders tell me no athlete has weighed in more than Kobe has on a sho this is how I've felt all seasonHow i feel about Garrett saying Cassel will remain the starting quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys...   NL West...The NL Central.......every other division.Noooooo johnny cuetNOoooooooooYou can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.I just wanna cultivate baseball fields west of the Rockies. treat yourself,  it's been a Monday   hell is the only place that'll let Pete play baseballAccording to Manfred's report on Rose, Rose told him he bets on baseball currently (and legally). Probably not what ManfreThe view from Northwestern's (almost finished) practice field may be the best in CFB  are going with throwback field tonight go ahead and do your hw. But I'm gonna ask you a question every 13 seconds so you can't focus. STFU OLD MANIt's REALLY sad that 14 points is too many points to score for an offense in the NFL...Hello Matt Cassel and Dallas play callers.... THE POINT OF THE GAME IS FIRST DOWNS AND POINTS!!!!!! What are you doing with your lives?Matt Cassel throws the ball short of the 1st down on 3rd down EVERY SINGLE TIMEQuit. Throwing. It. Short.Stop claiming you care about the environment if every year you mail 700 people a paper envelope filled with a picture of yApparently more than they hadHow many bullshit chances do the Chargers need?I hate fantasy football more than anything, but it's all I look forward toooooo. That's kinda like a relationship, right...?Most marketable UFC fighters right now: 1. Ronda Rousey, 2. Conor McGregor. They'll be on the EA cover of "UFC 2" bro, i said 4 rounds.. not 4 seconds. jesus christWhat the hell just happened? ?Seriously I'm done with ufc ppvNO FKN WAYNot worth itThis better match the hypeDoes the Nebraska climate think it's May right now?Finally. I hate you Weidman.Ho.  Lee.  Hell.  #UFC194why the fuck isn't he calling it?????Finally chris weidman is getting fucked upShaka went 0-100 real quick haha!That's a buzzer beater upset, baby!!! *dickie v voice*These  fights better produce epic blood stains on the mat and a 4 round main event.  QB coach Shawn Watson, OL coach Joe Wickline officially out at #Texas. #Longhorns bombsThe Cubs tho.... sweet jesusPeople that interrupt you more than twice in 10 seconds deserve a thumbtack in the eyeJamaal Charles had stem cell treatment on torn ACL is going to go to journalist got trampled by court storming even though he HIMSELF says was not the case. https how did we both get through it without being shot?!I always get pulled over at the most inconvenient times in life. $200 *flush* bro, 3 weeks ago you were making fun of D Rose cuz he attacked the basket and is always hurt but now Curry bores you.... uhh whaaa?Today is one-year anniversary of Cam Newtons car accident. Before accident, Newton was 3-8-1. Since the accident, Newton ferrrreeeeeal dough which is legit, but now i like a Yankee... gross.Stunning return for #Braves - Inciarte, pitching prospect Blair and Swanson, No. 1 overall pick in 15 draft - and potenDiamondbacks absolutely loaded with outfielders, so they can absorb move of Inciarte. Rotation: Greinke, Miller, Corbin, DThe #Dbacks trading the #1 overall pick and more for Shelby Miller are like this for the 2016 season . . . Castro is a Yankee?!?!?!? NOOOOOOOOO NO NOOOOOOOOOOORecord rainfall in Portland today. Artificial field in the foreground vs sand-based grass field in background. mlb and of course dodgers said to have been blindsided yesterday by chapman alleged incidentOh man.  Jones just inquired about Aroldis Chapman's availability.So glad I can watch this game without fantasy implications. Playoffs aren't that crazy of a thought if Dallas can pull this off!