 next he'll be telling us that he has the coolest hairdo on earth.Class war America.  I'd rather not.  Rather ironic though, that new powers are for offsetting cuts from a union that we're supposedly better together in  Especially when they bring no alternative to the table, unlike yourself.  sorry if you've been caught in crossfire, but pathetic whining from Dugdale, Foulke etc does get wearing.This is RISE everyoneBut it could be Labour/Lib Dem/Con/UKIPHis TL is full on #Yoon  Not good! I wish them well!    Thank you!  not just broke the law, nearly ruined that nation. Great to see them back on their feet again.  they have been treated disgracefully. Pensions is only part of it.  and then lack sympathy when others are hit, because of what's happened to them.     piss off!    can you lot no make up your mind, one day we're communists next we're tory!  the employment conditions we walk into are down to the work of those who occupied the job previously.  that's why it's important that those of us in the job don't allow it to happen.  Iceland had the right idea! Jailed the reckless bankers!  the good success rate is due to a big pool to choose from, but there is still a strict standard to be achieved.  there's a lot that's unfair, and the vast majority of us didn't cause the financial collapse.I could add more, but won't on an open forum.  it can be a help bit certainly not a guarantee of clinging a full time position.  application is long winded and requires many different written and physical tests.  that may be true, doesn't mean that they're suitable for the job.  if tory trade union bill goes through in full, I could even be in bother for mentioning it on social media.  job is still good but if any of thechanges that have happened down south spread up here, that may not be the case.    So new powers are to offset cuts from union that we're supposedly better together with! thanks, and maybe you understand how just walking away ain't an option.  for the record. I believe the way that soldiers and ex soldiers are generally treated by government is a disgrace  it wasn't just moved, we're having to work longer to get much less. All we asked is to keep what we signed up to.  you're way off track, I'm talking about keeping the conditions once in the job.  ok! As long as yer no frying at this time of night!   despite that she managed an honours degree in politics and economics, but hey ho.  chips? Why all American? Crisps! For crying out loud!  a bottle of Chateau de Shite possibly.  true! What was I thinking! I need to stop having faith that there is any semblance of humanity left in Scotlab.   oh dear! A humour by-pass as well.  I can imagine a lot but, whatever scenario, I don't see a mini Westminster.    and your point is?  have reached a new low. and what would you do with this information?   I'm sure we'll see it splashed all over the papers. On the other hand.....   you really do spend a lot of time searching for videos of things falling asleep!   Nah! I'm having a beer. You know how uncouth us working class are. I may be waiting a while for an answer that makes sense. Over to you    Are you serious? He's talking directly about my pension!  so how would it be Westminster written smaller then? We all have a responsibility to get better employment conditions. if you have allowed the conditions of that employment to detiorate, then you're handing over a lesser job.  to refresh your memory  not job, pension! Check the tweets that you have liked!  Here  and allow someone to come into a lesser job behind me.  no! You said I should quit my job instead of fighting to hold onto my conditions/  don't let us hold you back!  you also liked a tweet that described my pension as being gold plated.  you certainly don't seem to believe in people's right to a pay that matches their job.  well some of your quotes are reminiscent, so don't be offended as you both have a similar outlook.  so you believe that the Scottish electorate are suddenly going to switch to tory?  not a tory? You sound as if you could be Norman Tebitt's offspring with some of your lines.Hmm! Thinks professionals can be trained in a day. laugh. Dave had a few minutes and now he's out spinning to the Brit press like it was the Gettysburg Address" again "thank you" NO voters for keeping us tied to these maniacs in WM. a couple of hours arguing with a tory unionist, then next thing there was a multitude of them. Time for a chill out.  Eh?  a fancy word for story. I suppose I could have went down the rhythm route  Norway and Sweden once we're in a union. They seem to have done ok apart. and don't tories use services? Eh? High earners doesn't necessarily mean tories!  pooling and sharing and aw that.What an absolute plonker. Could have lifted his quote straight out of Daily Mail.  how dare you! I currently pay 12.5% of my wage to my pension. That's a lot off anyones wage. you do realise that any percentage rise must be set across all bands? so you believe that extra taxation should be used to offset cuts imposed from a union that we're supposedly better together in? Correct! That's what an income tax does going by that logic, the Scandinavian nations would be stronger together.  I would be happy just to have the pension I signed up to in good grace honoured. The fight goes on however.    nothing like a bit of air about your nuts.   oh well! I guess the current exchange rate must be $4 to  so you want me to leave a job I love that gives great service to the community, just to fit in with Tory narrative. I despair tell your boyfriend to pipe down, you can fight your own corner. I was merely giving the alternative to the council tax you bleat about.  so in conclusion, better Tory rule than being in charge of our own affairs.  Wow! What has Braveheart got to do with it????  it ain't exactly capable just now. why? Are we not capable as a nation? incidentally, Labour had planned to freeze council tax until 2017. I can't remember what tory policy was. was frozen in response to general  wage freeze. Policy implemented originally by Darling and carried on by Osborne. wow!  Norman Tebbit would love that line. Go and get another job! It ain't always so easy you know. facts? A few paragraphs pulled off a single page! my pay frozen for 7 years, my pension I signed up to in good faith slashed. All because tories want to destroy public sector.