Listen. I love the Lord, but I'd have to BEAT. THAT. ASS. HEARMEH?   When you're supposed to be doing work, but immediately get tired and take one of the best naps of your life. yeah I figured you ain't know. You was on your phone when y'all were at some car dealership I really thought you were mute till you talked on Meechies snap. I played it like 8 times. If yall dont get rid of these horoscope shits for the new yearNah, some folk THAT shallow moment you find out one of your followers isn't mute and can actually talk...  also, twitter =/= to fb you only "like" if you actually like it. No courtesy likes. Twitter ain't polite watchu doing on here?  oh, I just assumed it was old, but maybe it's new  you have no faith in them. I don't blame you though now they doing "Christmastime" no, not that one. The one Andy taught at the workshop he did right!  now they singing "Great Jehovah" unfortunately ok. One more guess. Lol. It's Christmas time. I'm at JMC rehearsal at GMO...I'll give you one guess at the song they singing... where it's at though?Ugh. I only got 2 more episodes left in the season...but I REALLY need to pack SOMETHINGsupport black artists.You mess around and herniate 3 discs in your back trying to pick them thangs up. think umma just watch one more episode then pack! Just one more. Y'all hold me accountable!I work at 2, so I could either pack some stuff or watch like 3 more episodes...I could pack now, except Prison Break is too good rn...I would just do it tonight except I have to drive 1.5 hours to Charlotte because I'm flying from there...at 6 am...I'm flying home tomorrow and haven't packed a single article of clothing nor toiletryBlack and unapologeticWhen I scroll down my timeline and see the HBCU vs. PWI debate hmmph aww foot. I could've watched it live ugh whoa. Is this yet another show that we both like?I started watching prison break last night. I'm currently on episode 7I got extra chocolates with my bill though...You know it's time to go when they bring you the check and You ain't asked.That moment you think you see somebody you used to talk to walk by you. ordered dessert but I'm kinda full already, but I'm not bout to waste these coins!I'm about to be sick oh yeah. Getting that D. You a hoe.  also, change your profile picture and unlock your tweets.  quit being weird Marshall lol okSomebody just asked the dude to take a picture of his family, on his phone...These black people done bought a WHOLE professional camera inside this Olive Garden. Having a photo shoot I'm clearly still not over it.  better had been. Much stuff I did for that nig. After that fiasco our senior year. He owes me. A lot. chile, iown know. She said that he was just saying how I was just a great student or some ish one day Michele Purvey told me that Reggie mentioned me in a parent meeting and I thought she was lying. yeah. I hate his ass. you sang last night? Reggie. Cuz I told him how I fuggs with Pourtorkan and not Reggie basically, he treated/treats me like a colleague and not a student and I think there's some other black man stuff too Andy told me about it a while ago and I think I came across some other stuff too it was a little deeper for me though. Lol I'm no bout to scream. oh. That was my next guess man. I was just thinking about Reggie the other night and why I have so many ill feelings towards him lol  That was petty. where you going though? Dallas? yeah cuzonly like 6 of the 24 were actually good. Again, just like those chair tests if it's on Facebook it's fair gameI just listened to the SADDEST rendition of "Happy Birthday" ever sang by the employees of this Olive Garden. I even tried to join in in my defense, all of it sounded the same. It's like 24 people in our class. It was kind of like those chair tests in band while you're in my mentions...I heard you moved or something... and maybe not that was partially true in this case because he was playing through our class assignments and I was on my phone I said the waiter was decent looking...not fine... damn video auto played before I even knew what it was. My. Nigga. I'm dead. I almost embarrassed myself in class though. Clicked a notification from these "girls" in classI also better have a salad and some bread in soon and very soonI know I better get my order taken in the next 5 though...I took myself out to eat. I was hoping for a cute waiter. I got a decent one... I'll get there one day! Chile Andy be like this is the Christ experience and I be like and I don't go here!  I'm glad I'm not a member. I judge yasss. Go get loved and not judged! 5th Street. Duh! are you going to church at Barnum and Bailey? oh, so you  really acting like a star. Flying in for the weekend to sing the flying out. no problem. When you heading out?Josh can't sing thoughThis is still on of the funniest things I've ever seen!  https://t.co/TfOmE8nyGS