 gunga cityI liked a  video Jar jar Binks and his funny voiceBOY BETTER JAR yo we lit name come at me fam squad rollin up like me right now at the disrespect takes it to the top imo what about episode 1?#CommunismOutOh my god last rtsmake someone's day today to robot jeffrey  you are perfect alreadyyyyyyyy deserve peace. don't fight so hard that's the least funny part about him jar jar bro the movie has been out like 20 yearsI liked a  video DJ Khaled Cringe Compilation chat shit man will roll around spark you out in a tractor chat shit get county stars fam. We waitin. Leave a trail of Mars bars bring him round ends. 1 2 3 Anthony Joshua mans gonehome alone last time I counted I think it's maybe 4th or 5th time that's a dope cabbage tirty fuckin euro does it really Paul so bad that Han Solo moves to Mexico and grows cabbages oh my god you are obsessed with heroin  bruh you keep quoting this tweet you tryna link up? it Would be the flinstones car VROOOM open with caution here to nuts. Not allergic to nutting.  Sosa need bang 4News outlets will do anything to give people 'L's' it's so tragic ordered 4 very biblical albums logics is way too expensive though you ordered albums for Christmas yet? still got to listen to logic Mac Miller all them yokes and drake droppin in January its lit apparently it's good great album length also am a fan you listen to the new pusha yet? a large extentDo gender fluid people not vote because they can't assign them self a gender on the sheet of paper 18, gender fluid, legalise weed bro! yo can I get a follow chief Sosa  nothingTumblr is the worst website on earth basically a website for Bernie sanders loversWe get it you smoke weedI liked a  video DJ KHALED SNAPCHAT VIDEO COMPILATIONI don ply but da poop her   cock like mushroom   David we need to talk business in the dms   ah my partner I see you don't follow me I thought we had a business here   delete the tweet and apologise   are you actually laughing your nether region off   hello my partner in crime  Paul you're getting out of place I want you to run 43 laps around a stick and apologise faggot that's fucking right you little whore get down on your knees like physically your anus area is falling off which you know is not possible so please delete the tweet and apologise are you actually laughing your ass offHIT THE DIFFthe new calassicChristmas I'm getting a chief keef album. It's the littest turn next stage is runescape Paul Are you now a official league of legends playerThis man is crazy  get some pillow cases for ChristmasI liked a  video DJ Khaled - Over/Under we need to forget about this and think about the real enemies we have hahaha not cocky wocky mate I get the good ones can't just go around claiming catchphrases. It comes naturally. You feel so fake neither of them but Paul knows I know cocky wocky is my trademark  good to know you're a good friend nice one Paul I invented it  ah yes because I would nice one  he won't send it didn't send to me horrible person hahaha nice try mate ask Paul it was s whole situation when I invented it we take my trademark of the term cocky wocky seriously. My lawyers will be on your case every day ft the rest of your life.  thanks Paul  use of my trademarked term my lawyers will be sending you a court date in 3/4 daysJason just accused me of shagging my sister.  this had to be made in recent years also. When there were no British soldiers.  did the person who made this watermark a up the RA meme.Jason is my new best friendPaul just accused me of saying get cancer over the Internet and saying fuck Ra* * I would like all the followers to know this is a lie