This lineup is  you bring up something just to say "nvm I can't tell you" ....fuck youWhen u about to go turn up with squad and you waiting on that "we outside" text I guess you just miss the memories the mostMost people get envious and want you to fail when they see you doing good, what real ones do is watch what makes you succeedI've lost a couple of things in order to gain some things !Me af  those really friends? Part 15 Part 18. Wayne a Legend. to those boys who run they're mouth more than girls, congratulations on being a bitchHe doin too much needs to be like AA meetings but for makeup obsessions honestly A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend .I don't understand how it takes 5-7 days to refund my money when it took y'all 5-7 seconds to take it out my account a customer says they want to speak to the manager and the manager tells them exactly what you said your mom gets home and the atmosphere of fun and relaxation is gone and she start yelling at you for no reason you hear a rumour about yourself and the shit don't even sound right heard some shit about you" don't get why there's two different teenage boy emojis Ill fuck around and get too high and wonder where the music coming from  Sensational moment when the lights descend... evolution of Drake like being alone, listening to music in my own world, away from all the bullshit in life.I love seeing girls get 10x hotter after a nigga does them wrong like yassss bitch you show him!! I like Nicki and Drake better the sign says "For Tobacco Use Only" http://t.co/TlMLPN8Q56 both soft and strong is a combination very few have mastered.(Vine by itskeev) would have broken up with Kylie when North West turned 18 anyway.she just don't care about life anymore. be twerking to Future but don't have oneWhen you think you nailed a test but get an F get too attached to anyone unless they also feel the same towards you. One sided expectations can mentally destrDonald Trump v Adolf Hitler you take a dab and sometimes the dab takes youCheaters think everyone cheats. Liars think everyone lies. Keep this in mind.Kudos to you baby, wish you the best.Idc about rumors, I know what I've said &amp; done.when a jealous hoe calls you ugly the party is so lit u put it in your snap story care bout much, but the things i do care about... gahdamWhen autocorrect tries to correct my slang http://t.co/wOeBzlHnQEPaolo Sebastian Couture  Fall 2016 "youre a little Arabian goddess" When is she classy but is in love with the trap music  wcw gets drunk and cries about boys that aren't you never fails to make me laugh, my god when that direct deposit come in:http://t.co/h567BDUH2bFocus on yourself and make moves, stay lowkey and fuck everything elseAnd post an occasional picture  never tweet anything I just retweet and favorite funny shit lolThese WCW tweets are killing meYa WCW insists that mouthwash works the same as brushingur wcw grinds to dubstepi love when i smile at some one and they smile back, like thank you for not being an uptight bitch!  this is my new favorite vine lmfao your card as shown"  u realize a girl u can't stand liked bae's pic ILL NEVER BE ABLE TO LISTEN TO THIS SONG THE SAMS AGAIN me lol about 30 minutes of intense surgery I think it's safe to say... She's gonna make it :-) - Because I Got High at a point in my life that I don't even stress when I have someone do me dirty, I just let God &amp; karma handle them.Losing a friend like me? Now that's tragicwhen he's testing the fuck outta you &amp; your crazy bitch side is about to shine bright like a diamond   http://t.co/KOUqxVAnQYidc about anyone not liking me. you bitches barely like yourselves of the best touches to a girl  long this rain gon last #1 thank God for protecting me from what I thought I wanted and blessing me with what I didn't know I needed"RT moment when you know... EARS LOOK LIKE CHICKEN MANDU DUMPLINGS IM SCREAMING  https://t.co/jms3N1378p