bridge  nah fuck off that's bollocks you nonce  no fucking way over bomber HarrisMy cab driver just now: 'I'm a Millwall fan, we'll take Mourinho.'On my way home from South Bermondsey, thanks ref, for being a CUNTLabour activist expelled after bullying disabled #UKIP member. Lead story for Hate Not Hope? Not on your Nelly. fear no foe #Millwall  never gonna win the ref a cunt hope that's a Millwall kit TimCanadian man that authorities say stabbed British man to death in Peru has been released don't be silly sometimes you need to lose to push on.Trust me I support Millwall  haha only jokingDay2 Week49 Eleanor's feeling a little 'funny', no sickness; all the fluids are taking their toll. #eleanorsvoice  all can you give this lovely brave little girl a follow please she's a little angel"I'm following you now because of your avatar. We Christians need to band together against Islam!"  king and slave httCONGRATULATIONS to the LEAVE.EU campaign who have now succeeded in attracting over 350,000 registered supporters. https that's a bit strong mate was always very dignifiedWhile the elderly are starving  GOAL! 1-0 Falkirk, John Baird converts a penalty for the home side!GOAL: Falkirk 1 - 0 RangersGillingham at home today! Massive game.. Can't wait to get going! #Goals #Millwall #3Points #GodBlessPutin for PM: 4 out of 5 say they would prefer Russian president than Cameron as UK leader  CAMERON C'mon the Sons of the Glorious Williamite revolutionGoldsprings True Defenders Event #bandscene a bulls eye even before I've got my tennis racket.Hi  can you please confirm if overt anti-Semitism is acceptable in your party under the "new politics" dear  I think the Diana Abbott tweet upset him blimey what him and the racist Diana Abbott, and IRA lot, you've got a right mix bag of shit in the Labour PartyI lived, breathed, experienced shariah. I am the horse's mouth. #shariah has no place in the universe. Not sure what o  have a look You made the right decision  - overt racism from CLP/Momentum member. Labour refusing to condemn. CC    They're both a cancer on British society    the far left are indistinguishable from the far right in both divisive r Labour/Momentum members now being openly anti-Semitic     And that absolves the anti-Semitic bile he was spewing today, how?  oh leave the bloke alone he's said sorry.Are you for fucking real.    Exactly. The Nazis weren't "National Socialists" for no reason   More anti semites in the Labour party than ever been BNP members. If he didn't have Labour plastered all over his profile you'd think he was BNP or National Front. What the fVIRTUAL MEDIA BLACKOUT on person behind the LA Schools credible bomb threat claiming to Of The Candidates Except For Donald Trump Hate Christianity And Are Enemies Of The Faith OFFICIAL- Zuckerberg Goes Full STASI Against Facebook Users That CriticiseIslam Theory Becomes Fact: Proof the CIA Helped CreateISIS Second Most Powerful Man On Earth, Tsar Putin The Great Endorses The Arising Most Woman Converts To Christianity, Her Muslim Family Captures Her And Saws Her Head Offhttp  lee funny cunt  haha my tweets ain't making no sense tonight.  last block to your right know loads from Bermondsey sit there  meet mates I ain't seen for years some weeksYellow cars ranking up outside a club on upper Holloway rd haha fucker the heat killing ya west upper I'm going tomorrow if you want DM your phone number and I'll text you if we score. If you don't want to say up didn't think the marshalls was clocking emNorth East counter terrorism chief urges public to watch safety video is the most widely abused anti-anxiety drug, and exercise is the most potent and underutilized antidepressant.   I'll tweet ya can you get a steam for the game over there fact our brains are bigger than most what time is it over there mate fucking wrongens mateFucking silver Vito plotting up on the with light off on the Liverpool st rank interviewing bods light offPlease follow &amp; help   ..15th century ..&amp; the only pub in this beautiful Kent village #Ash or go to 3 and get unlimited 02 rip off   what like Diana Abbott ?Police Looking For This Man #London Sexually Assaulted A Woman  can you lose track of enough people to fill a football stadium? armed with hammers and iron bars storm channel tunnel. They seem like people I'd want to help...#NotWelcome h2nd important ray of hope for #ModerateIslam (after #AlSisi's speech -1-1-2015). If only #BHO would listen to him. I've been on 1985 followers for a week. I shd work TBH mate yeah you Millwall tomorrow ?Still a big qqqqq 02 got a poxy Greenwich       uber wrote this email all drivers have to  thanks joe  I'm well late now thenSo Cameron's entire 'renegotiation' of EU membership terms seems to come down to one tiny concession. What a farce tonight ?  later I just uploaded 'Researching Loyalism  A Preliminary Reading List' to Last nights John Dory, cockles, oyster, cucumber and caviar.  onto finals week!!   sorted   pls don't dare me   20 century  pen pals  I'll DM ya later   boooo no one likes me I don't care  haha I meant to say " why I'm alright ".