.. main culprits in witholding news of Ukraine's war crimes are       Cell, twin tornadoes but, they are spinning in opposite directionsnot supposed to happen sunrise was crazy this morning,looks like they had a long night spraying #chemtrails evidence George Osborne is official glove puppet 4 Rupert MurdochMind u if a Murdoch had those photos on me htThe Military Industrial Intelligence Complex Albedo Changing Chemtrails. gives no future to our #MiAnd one of them must be please stop #GeoEngineering  social media posts by US attackers     Is that your image Nobody? Looks amazing.  Aye, see the Sun remains in a time warp. The editorial remains fascisto!The Sun tried to print this front page during the miners' strike in 1984. But printworkers stopped it    it out Einstein said we have 4 yrs after the honey dies been a busy day today, shots from this eve. 'Crepuscular rays', so saturated u can see the air.#Chemtrails me out of this stinking elite run United Kingdom    "Ice Haze" ... FFS! ... ha ha ha ha ... FFS ...BREAKING: 2 ballistic missiles fired from #Yemen at #SaudiArabia  reports   today near Lake Garda. Italy. #SRM #GeoEngineering  #OpChemtrails  the Ghost of Christmas qu fallooooo you web search results from Google in complete privacy.    Hey that's true only that they forgot to mention it is *instrumentalized* 'accident   OMG, read the article, they're saying it's 'accidental geo-engineering'   Yes, what a load of utter BS. about as convincing as their definition of Fracking without tBREAKING: At least 30 Iraqi soldiers killed in #USAirForce strike - #Iraq MP       why did Australia PM give company 10 miln $ to conduct "cloudseed  They are desperate &amp; taking the piss. Need relative humidity greater than 67% for persistent contrail to form.   Problem! Not enough humidity to sustain ice crystals/ persistent contrail   #dailymail #contrails #geoengineering #opchemtrials #climatechange #srm #sap http#Erdogan calls MP traitor for telling RT that #ISIS got chemical weapons via #Turkey a little truth from a mainstream media outlet. Won't hold my breath for . doing same. #lyingscum kill for a Nobel Peace prize.Prince George trending...? Has HE been privy to confidential Government documents as well...???  There has been a lot of traffic accidents too.    See? This was a snapshot   So they say: "hey we give solar more power ?" while forgetting it's UVs from a des    Wow! Amazing timelapse. disgusting #GeoEngineering    -this is what happens  Yes, it is an obvious negation attempt from the aerial industry, now that the ice link is establi Here's my timelapse of blue sky being obliterated by chemtrails   someone's had a wee laugh with photoshop  tonight we RT please. 'London Calling: How the BBC stole the Referendum' - Read the book for FREE.  "consistently"! ...would consistently produce these ice particles,"have to have a mechanism to generate the ice crystals and there is nothing in nature up there necessarily that we can identify that...  Lots of "accidents" in the news this week. #GeoEngineering Millionaire Cleared of Rape Charge-He 'Accidentally Fell' on Victim #OpDeathEaters ! Kendall is hardly surprising but to think I used to quite admire Creasy and Cooper!:   @  We know we are being sprayed &amp; lots of evidence of waveform energy being applied. Possibly NEXRAD / Doppler etc  Solar Rad Managnt. HAARP. Weather Warfare  however much of it you believe is true. I wouldnt put any   Kendall is hardly surprising but to think I used to quite admire Creasy and Coop  Yes. I suspect it's a power play. 30% of world economy weather related. Lots of money in control &amp; water grabbing.   I had a look. He's too busy shilling US False flag ops atm :)  2010 #moratorium #brocken  Loads of images and info out there, were openly taking part in experimental 'spraying" but supposed    Correct to a point but need #GeoEngineering particulates to sustain ice formation.  Ex KLM W Felderhof says u need Relative humidity of over 67% to form persistent contrails. anything strange here? lol NO. not the chemtrails - the BBC story on it : pathetic counter story  httpTories threatened with legal action to stop it exporting weapons to the Saudi Arabian regime hThere is a bigger scandal than the fact that #Hoverboards explode.... Its that they don't fucking hover!  They are getting worried :) EXHAUST:  Chemtrails Smoking Gun in Plane Sight via What an utter disgrace that the DWP and Duncan Smith can own up to the fact that the Bedroom Tax is starving people air temperatures are currently closer to the July average than the Winter average;   yep it must be constantly 67% out there, everywhere!OR they just chemicals! #chemtra#DontButTheSun   #DontBuyTheSun please RT said austerity was to pay down debt. It's doubled. They said we're all in this together. Rich doubled wealth. show with  Please ReTweet and share. Thanks David!will always catch up &amp; bite you ... oops going without food because of 'Bedroom Tax', says government report:  According to retired KLM Pilot W Felderhof. You need Relative Humidity of at least 67% to form persistent contrail  Really ! Thing is, old Georgie Boy is rather thick skinned I can personally vouch to that. He t- A shelf #cloud marching south near Englewood, #Kansas on the #Oklahoma border. June 1, 2 httpExcellent!!  If #Osborne the Druggie Loon is gunning for PM Job, what are the chances that Crazy Nut Job #LucyAllan is goiMP accused of faking death threat now faces more accusations after leaked voicemails Cameron splashed out more than 10m of taxpayers money last year on his army of spin doctors and advisers . httIs this not the same MP who faked a 'death threat'? MP who 'made up death threat' threatened to sack sick staff member  What bullshit! Those ash-holes in Paris knew this too.#COP21 #farceSo glad to see that we're all in it together.Osborne gives political adviser 42% rise amid public sector pay freeze httpKermit has a better offer    he is the one! I feel sorry for his Mrs, She likes Scratchings. ha camaroon arrested over #piggate behaviour. Murdochs Sun 'bought' the name and home address of a rape complainant:  #Dont