When bae act like a hoe on the TL. got a mind full of unsaid things...Fuxk wrong with people  u'll graduate, u'll get a job, u'll become an adult, u'll find someone who loves you. u have an entire life. thingsI don't really care about a lot of things but when I do, I care too muchwhere were you on the nights my heartbeats were gun shotsThe sad truth is so many ppl are in love and not together and so many ppl are together and not in love If you fw somebody how can u go days and weeks without talking to them  somebody else must got yo attention When you're laying on yo man chest.. You gotta pull up pics like this so he stop looking at your phone. stay gettin sneak dissed on... lol thanks - you fine and dress nicephysically, mentally, emotionally tired.They are!!!!!! I can't trust you I can't fuck with youI do shit for myself so I don't owe nobodyI jus wanna make my mama proudShe's only ONE YEARS OLD TRYING TO ORDER MCDONALDS talking about my pussy only care when it's convenient.My trust issues rn My mouth is crazy that's why I'm learning a new way of not letting people get me to that point let that shit goWen i peep shit that's wen I start actin different towards certain people ..today: stressed tomorrow: stressed next week: stressed next month: stressed next year: stressed next life: stressedMusic and weed. The best combination.lowkey always thinking about you, highkey never gonna let you knowI'm not putting my pride aside anymore, I can't do it Mind everywhere rnDealing with emotions that never left for someone that did.If that person really wanted to talk to you they would. Period.The things that are going on right now I wish weren't.Don't tell me you care about me then later show me different ..That moment when you see something that lowkey kills you inside, but you have to act cool about it i'm sorry for being annoying when i want to talk.. needy cause i miss you, emotional when i care and insecure because i'm afraiI just want everything that I deserve because I've already dealt with everything I didn't deserve keep your sex life, income, and your next move private.I'm happy af I don't gotta work todaymhm  at the first question on the exam like replies make me angry  specially when i wanna talk to youI'm nicer than I look lmao trust me you poor af but still want a hoverboard just want cuddles and head How you make others feel about themselves says a lot about you.RT  if I spend my money on you, I love you. End of storyFemales don't care what you doing they want ur attention all the timeI respect people that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is.Sometimes I need to vent, but I don't want to sound like I'm complaining.I'll eat my girlfriend every nightI regret ever putting myself out thereword I'm not begging nobody to fwm, it is what it isLMAAAOOOOO PRANK GONE BAD!!! I Give You Head Prank LOL!!  These Reactions Are Deadly!!  if your last name not HARRIS, I don't NEED youIdk why people think I need them my heads gonna explodeIt's soooo hard to focus on the good in my life when so many bad things have been happening latelyThat bible verse in your bio ain't fooling no one.would be the most supportive girlfriend . y'all just don't know. y'all sleep on me need to get off here &amp; do this paper I care about the people who do me so wrongI think what hurt me the most was that so many people saw it coming, and the only thing I ever wanted you to do was prI refuse to let my heart take another L.so fucking over feeling like thisi fuck up often.its like i wanna be alone but i want someone to be alone with, if that makes senseOnce you have true feelings for someone, it will always be there. You may not like them anymore but you still care!What doesn't kill you.......... fucks you up mentality Bitches want respect, but bitches ain't earn that yetI peep everything I'm not slow I gotta get it together RT   you stop telling your friends everything, your enemies wouldn't know so much..Why can't people just put there pride aside and say how they feeling RT  you accidentally open a message &amp; you still don't reply  these customers got me fucked upNext customer that get smart I'm cussing them tf out &amp; walking out Idk why they think I need this job, I don't need this fucking jobPeople got me fucked up frI'm so mad, I'm rey cry im ugly &amp; super loyalMy mom going to Florida next week, I should go with her I'm just over everything &amp; everybodyI been blank for like 2 weeks 