If a #Taurus does something wrong, they will not hide it from you if asked.I like doing shit myself I hate asking anybody for anythingSamee  gotta believe in yourself, because thats what growing up is. Its becoming who you want to be. Gary (The Muppets)Wouldn't call myself boring but not much excites me. Whenever I'm in an outgoing mood it's 95% an act.Yes I'm gonna come out looking extra juicy ..not for nobody but for myself . Duh If I'm walking and I see a group of guys on the corner best believe I'm crossing the street to avoid that attention Haitian photographer  knows beauty. hug me like you hug the block.Excited about 2016 afTonight's devotional! Each Other In A Relationship.  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Do what is right, not what is easy.Y'all out here thinking sex is just something to do to prove a point instead of a time to enjoy someone's body and feelGreater love has no one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends. -John 15:13And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love - 1 Corinthians 13:13If you confess with your mouth, "Jesus is Lord," &amp; believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be savIf you want to give the devil a nervous breakdown, get up every day and be as happy as you can possibly be!!!!  this tweet spoke to my soulBaby girl,You have to realize that somethings and people are just not meant for you, but everything that's yours will coGnight. Long day tomorrowWhen doubts start to creep in, take a moment to pray.I need to pray &amp; work on my time management &amp; get abs lolI want my 2016 to be the year I fall in love w myself all over again. I need a better relationship w myself &amp; my goals. All focus on me.This year was SUCH a learning experience &amp; I thank God for each lessonI honestly hate being strong 24/7Really terrified of being an adult I don't have my shit together whatsoever I don't even know what I want to do after And He said. "Your faith has made you well; go in peace." -Luke 8:48I'm really going to use this break to relax, reflect &amp; get closer to God.When I want something really bad I can feel it. Sort of takes over my body, and mind.I missed my brotherthey'll either drain you or motivate you. choose wisely.Don't let the fear of failure hold you backEverything changes one way or another.Make sure youre happy before you go tryna make someone else happyThere is nothing too small or big for Jesus.     :)NYC feels so good :-)Im hungry and tiredA #Taurus will hold out longer than you, draw the line firmer than you, and never take their attention off what it is they w i do listen to her! Only bcuz of kingdom hearts! Lol last final finally" Hmm...Utada Hikaru's ULTRA BLUE isn't bad." // Sanctuary is my faveThen, she would lotion my whole body, put powder all up my neck, and make me wear "under shirts" ....Prove yourself to yourself not others.This studying shit is killing me Bob: What are you waiting for? | Little boy: I dont know. Something amazing, I guess. The IncrediblesIf you're working a 9-5, you don't like. Keep working on your dreams and you'll get it and be great. swear it's crazy how 1 person can make you feel #Taurus will get to where they are going. They got what it takes for success.Don't EVER disrespect nobody that made sure you was straight.Same here I hate when a nap turns into extended sleep. About to be up all nightGod not only sees where you are, He sees where you can be.Trust in Him!clean heart.clean soul.Kobe dropped 22 points and L.A. reached season-highs in assists (26) and offensive rebounds (18) to beat the Bucks: take a long time to get to know a lover before anything happens.God &gt; The WorldImagine if Pau Gasol was playing wit Kobe in his prime yearsI don't carry any hate in my heart. if I loved you once, I'll always have love from you.. just from a distancei imagine dating me is like trying to walk a catSome of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers. -Garth BrooksDo what you do just be genuine with your thoughts, true to your actions, &amp; real to yourself.Finally someone with sense! are welcomed. Hating me is played out.sometimes the only person u can trust is yourself" Who eats reesses anyways? How evil are you to mix peanut butter and chocolate together?" // OMG thank you! Its grossI don't need this negativity in my life.You have been saved as a favor through faith. This doesn't come from yourselves. It's God's gift - Ephesians 2:8Despite their desires, the lazy will come to ruin, for their hands refuse to work. -Proverbs 21:25And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, &amp; with all thy soul, &amp; with all thy might. -Deut 6:5Want to find happiness in your life? Appreciate the small stuff. You are blessed more than you realize.Fr  would prefer presentations over exams any &amp; every dayI'm excited about my presentation tomorrow though. I really worked hard on itStudying for my biology final tomorrowlet's go let's go let's go let's goTonight's devotional! need a nap before I finish studying moreForgive them even if they're not sorry.Only willing to invest my time where it will do the most good.DJ Khaled officially took the title for Best Snapchat Storyteller last night God is more than what you can see. Walk by FAITH not by sight.Someone tell me to go to sleep lolPride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. -Proverbs 16:18 LOOK TYRA!!!!!! YAY! https://t.co/hBGxrK3zTA