[' Bullshit!!!!  Where do these morons come up with this garbage???What Republican Party?  Trump IS the NEW REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!! IS NOT A RELIGION!!! budget admits more than TWO Muslim migrants for every ONE GOP voter in this state Where are the parents?  Notice its not Christians, Hindu, or Mormon, or Jew... ALWAYS MUSLIM!!! This is total bullshit!!!  They know full well what they were doing!!!We The People we have a serious problem!       Right 100% Time!   Jury convicts TERROIST Refugee! SEXUALLY HARASSED BY BILL CLINTON, KATHLEEN WILLEY LAUNCHES ANTI-HILLARY WEBSITEhttp://t.co/hMS7  I do... No matter what Israel does or doesn\'t do!!!Teenager With Over 50 Pro-ISIS Accounts Who Threatened To Sever Obamas Head Arrested -     McCain showing support with Rubio... Rubio is done before he got started!!Islam is a political ideology created by an insane, narcissistic pedophile. #VoteTrump2016  That Rubio\'s PC twisted response for not showing up to work!!   Bernie should not run for POTUS, he should just run!!!hilLIARy is right... We Are Not At War With  A Religion, B/C Islam Is NOT A Religion! on polling: " shows no signs of fading away &amp; we\'re just 7 weeks way from when voters start we  Their women are circumcised and down shut... Probly why they rape normal women!!!      Its in English... Must have from hilLIARy!!    "The same Republicans that are telling us that  can\'t beat  even beat  God did not give us a spirit of fear, but one of Love, Power, and a Sound Mind!!!   What in blue hell do U call Obama setting up the Muslim world by supporting Iran Nuclear Programs?  I think he should after the Incompetent Liberals screwed the world!!!  Question: What is the GOPe reassuring Americans with as they continue to be more and more spineless!!!ON OBAMA\'S WATCH: So far: 700+% increase in mass shootings.Reagan:     11 Bush 41:    12Clinton:      23Bush 43:    20OBA. on Pres. Obama: "He is completely out of his element...I think he had more passion for #StarWars than the war aThe #OmnibusBill PROVES what  has been saying all along: Our Government is run by STUPID PEOPLE. Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.Who in blue hell cares about LBGT???  National Security aren\'t based on Fox Polls!!! Great!!  Now we\'re stuck with this ignorant racist bigot!!!  Notice this sign is in English - again?  Nice of Obama to do what he slammed Bush for doing. Invading a country, toppling the govt, and leaving w/out security!  They\'re blind, deaf, and dumb... They excuse away everything thru dbl talk and empty chatter!!  duh....missed vote on spending billthough he promised to slow it downHe won\'t fight 4 usTime to pay the Piper!!!Ire Grows Over Past on Immigration...  Leftists R leftists no matter what country of origin they\'re N. It\'s my experience Jews R draining leaches. These people are DUMB!!!  Grasping at straws, and all for show!!!  This "visit" means NOTHING!!!   Awww... Poor little terrorist... He looks so sad... Execute him!!!! What a joke!!  It\'s a no brainer!!  There is NO security in Afghanistan!!  Obama depleted the security - remember?OReilly is STILL slamming Trump!!!   Kasich is doing the same thing!!! Everyone DEMANDED Trumps support... Where is there\'s?  ??????? Musim is a Muslim - PERIOD!!  They have NO business in the US!!  Can you imagine what would have happened if Romney/Ryan won in 2012?  Same results as now!!   I updated this post to be more accurate...   I say this with all sincerity - FUCK OFF!!Merry Christmas To All, And To All A Good Night!!  Yeah... I\'m a lib... GOOF!!! The Evangelicals claim Cruz is their candidate, but their candidate support Donald J Trump!!!  Takes Border Security Into Own Hands... billion to resettle illegals INSIDE USA... GIVES IT ALL AWAY! you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The State, on SC polling: "Just like NH,  is the story here." #SpecialReport    Hahahahahahaha!!!!  Good one!!!  Try another hilarious joke!!!!John Kasich, Carly Fiorina, and Chris Chirstie want to start WWW3 over Russia. Trump wants peace and the ability to work    Jail time for BLMBefore taking a bite, the officer noticed what looked like spit on top of his burger out vegetarians are the ones dicking up the planet.#PJNET #tcot #ClimateChangeMyAss htt  That\'s like Iran inspecting their own Nuclear Facility!!  Worthless pieces of shit! Put ME in charge!  I\'ll find it!   This is the same pattern throughout Obama\'s tenure. IRS, SoS, DoJ, Pentagon did same thing. This is amateur hrSpeaker Ryan Builds Border Fence Around Mansion -- Doesn\'t Fund One for Border... I guess that just makes everything much better doesn\'t it....  Asswipe... Execute his ass!!!   Kadich can\'t win in a wet dream!!!Who is best to handle the threat of terrorism?  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  Because the don\'t want their ignorant asses thrown off buildings!!  Wanna bet?    https://t.co/u5qsU8x472']