["Jobs for Fresh Graduate Jobs at Saro Lifecare Limited: Saro Lifecare started in 2007 when Saro Agro Sciences L... Recruitment at Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC): Ibadan Electricity Distribution Compa... Opportunities at S&amp;S Hotels and Suites: S&amp;S Hotels and Suites remain the hotel of choice for the busines... Vacancies at Myjoy Food Industries Limited: Myjoy Food Industries Limited, a leading industrial bakery... Executive Job at Invent Systems: Invent Systems, is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill ... Intern Jobs at LS Scientific: LS Scientific was incorporated in 2007 in Nigeria and commenced Business in... for  Executive - Marketing &amp; Promotion for M2SYS Technology: M2SYS Technology - With over a decade of exp... Operating Officer Vacancy at Michael Stevens Consulting: Michael Stevens Consulting, a well known consul... Opportunities for Part Time SEO Expert: Quantitative Financial Analytics Company is a leader in supplying ... Council Vacancy for Director Research, Nigeria: The British Council is the world's leading cultural re... Jobs for LOB Management Coordinator: KPMG Professional Services and KPMG Advisory Services are the KPMG m... careers for  Merchandiser - Yola, Adamawa: British American Tobacco is a leading tobacco group, with brand... for Recruitment Consultant (Sales): Title: Recruitment Consultant (Sales)Energi Talent Resourcing - Lagos... Jobs for Regional Administrator - Kano State: British American Tobacco is a leading tobacco group, with br... at Reckitt Benckiser: Reckitt Benckiser is the world's leading consumer health and hygiene company, wi... Job for Relationship Manager, Priority: Standard Chartered Bank is a leading international bank, with mor... &amp; Cedar Fresh Opportunity for Brand Communications Manager: Box &amp; Cedar is an HR Consulting Firm. We belie... Recruitment at U.S. Embassy: The U.S. Embassy in Abuja, is seeking to employ a suitable and qualified ca... for Investment Analyst /Business Development Manager: Accord Investment Limited is an urban real estat... for Land Survey Executive in Lagos: Petronomics Learning and Development has been relied upon by industry ... in Trading company for  Admin/HR Manager: A major Trading company, requires the services of an experie... for Consultant - Electronic Security Design: Control Risk is a global risk consultancy specialising in he... Associates Job opportunities in Lagos, Rivers, Akwa Ibom, Abuja and Cross River: Abt Associates - The Inte... Engineer Job in a Real Estate and Construction Company: W-Holistic Business Solutions - Our client, a Re... Opportunities at Mozyk Ventures Limited: Mozyk Ventures Limited has entered its sixteenth year of existenc... Group Job Opportunity in Kaduna: Palladium Group - Palladium develops and delivers solutions that cr... for INSO Safety Advisor at International NGO Safety Organisation: International NGO Safety Organisation -... Vacancy for Experienced Financial Analyst: At WFO, there is an opportunity to learn and grow. Join the tea... Clinics Job Opportunity for Marketing Officer: Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated ... Assistant Job at Accord Investment Limited: Accord Investment Limited is an urban real estate d... Opportunity for Mechanical Engineer (Production Unit): Onskon Consulting International Limited (Onskon) - ... Executive Job in Nigeria: Petronomics Learning and Development has been relied upon by industry prac... for  Marketing Manager in a Fast Growing Technology Equipment Firm: A well established and fast growin... Lead - West Africa at Monsanto Company: Monsanto is an agriculture company with more than 20,000 em... Program at Monalisa/Accord Investment Limited: Accord Investment Limited is an urban real estate dev... at PRANANET Technology: PRANANET technology is a software development company creating engaging,crea... Coordinator   Job at TTC Mobile: TTC Mobile is a telecom training company that provides fresh graduate... Jobs at Growth in Value Alliance: Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business advisory... Training Specialist at Adam Smith International: Adam Smith International is a professional ser... Security Officer Job at The Federal University of Technology,  Minna: The Federal University of Technolo... in a Water Treatment company for Quality Control Officer in Edo State: Franchris Global Ventures - A Water... Job for a Country Manager in Nigeria: United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) supports the su... Technician and Secretary Job Vacancies in Ibadan: An indigenous Building Services Consulting organizat... Nurse Jobs in a Private Hospital: A reputable private Hospital at Ebute Metta West, Lagos Main... for  Engineer/Senior Engineer in Lagos: A Technology Organization located in Lagos, a major distributor i... Annual Oil And Gas Research Grant Competition ( research The Petroleum Technology Developme... at Douglas Motors Limited for Dispatch Rider &amp; Security Guard: Douglas Motors Limited, a reputable Auto C... Opportunities for Lead Africa Graduate program - Cloud Unit Seller: International Business Machines Corpor... Opportunities at Mayors Biscuits Company Limited (Mabisco),: Mayors Biscuits Company Limited (Mabisco), We... Media Limited Latest Job Opportunities for Credit Control Officer: Vanguard Media Limited, publishers... at Kogi State College of Education (Technical), Kabba: The Governing Council of Kogi State College of Edu... Vacancy for Business Development Executive in Ikoyi: A leading and reputable Industrial Cleaning and Maint... Kommt Internship Program 2015 - 2017 (Afrika Kommt! is a joint initiative fo... Operation Manager Jobs in a Reputable Industrial Cleaning and Maintenance Company in Ikoyi: A leading... Academic Staff Recruitment at Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti  (Afe ... Recruitment in a Fast Growing Hotel and Catering Services Company Lagos: Green Field Limited - A fast grow... and Gas Job Opportunities at Amorit International Limited Osun: Amorit International Limited - Our clients... Director Jobs in Real Estate, Nigeria: Title: Sales DirectorReal estate, Nigeria - NigeriaJob descrip... for Junior Business Analyst in Lagos: Stresert Services Limited - Our client is a business strategy and f... Engineer Jobs in Abuja, Kano and Onitsha: Smart Partners Consulting Limited - Our client with interest i... Jobs in Lagos: African Sun Amber Residence Limited - We are one of the leading and fastest growing hote... Manager Jobs in a Luxury Fashion Accessories Retailing Company: A luxury fashion accessories retailing ... Distributor Job Opportunity 2016 Nationwide: UNC Enterprises is an organization that is into quality build... Vacancies for Nursery and Primary School Teacher (10 Slot): Smart Partners Consulting Limited - Our client... for E-Marketing/ Product Support and Social Media Executive: Peer Grid Solutions Limited, is recruiting s... Programmer Jobs at Podozi Beauty Tech Lagos: At Podozi Beauty Tech, we are changing the way Africans ... Opportunities at Gibadi: Gibadi - Africa's online industrial store; is a business-to-business (B2B) mar... for Technology Support Officer in Lagos: Peer Grid Solutions Limited, is currently seeking to employ suita... Opportunity for Customer Service Executive at Peer Grid Solutions Limited: Peer Grid Solutions Limited,... Current Vacancies December, 2015: IITA is an international non-profit agricultural research-for-developme... Vacancy for Ebola Assessment Officer at International Medical Corps: International Medical Corps is a glob... General Manager Job in Eden Solutions and Resources - Calabar: Eden Solutions &amp; Resources Ltd is a huma... Developer Relations Ecosystem Program Manager, Sub-Saharan Africa: Google is not a conventional company... Jobs for Low Value Sourcing Coordinator: British American Tobacco (is a market lead... American Tobacco Jobs for Shift Supervisor: British American Tobacco (is a mark... of Ibadan Recruitment December, 2015: The management of the University of Ibadan (UI) invites appli... of Port Harcourt Jobs for Vice-Chancellor: The University is located in Choba in Obio/Akpor Local G... Place Nigeria Job Opportunity for Chef: The Place is a trademark of Smackers Limited, a company set up in ... ONE Campaign Opportunity for Policy Officer -- Global Health: ONE is a grassroots advocacy and campaigning... Stopes Nigeria (MSION) Jobs in Abuja: Marie Stopes Nigeria (MSION) is a results-orientated Social Busine... Recruitment at Pacific Drilling December, 2015: Pacific Drilling(NYSE: PACD) - With our best-in-class... Opportunities at Leventis Foods Limited: Leventis Foods Limited is a subsidiary of A.G Leventis (Nigeria) ... Jobs in Nigeria 2015: JAGAL Group is a leading Nigerian conglomerate with operations in the Oil &amp; Gas, ... Opportunities for Medical Representative in North/West, Nigeria at  Eliona Pharmaceutical: Eliona Pharmace... for Generator Electrical Engineer/Technician in Lagos: Quest is an International automotive manufacturing... Officer Vacancy at Vixa Pharmaceutical Ogun: Vixa Pharmaceutical aims to be Nigeria's leading pharmaceut... for  Female Accountant at B-PAC Limited: B-PAC Limited, is currently seeking to employ suitably qualified... Makeup Artists Recruitment at House of Tara International in Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt, Benin, Enug... Vacancy at Linkage Assurance Plc: Linkage Assurance PLC was incorporated 26th March, 1991 and was licensed... Executive Marketer Job Opportunities in Lagos and Abuja: ByteWorks Technology Solutions is a Software... https://t.co/Mgrwr44ilv"]