['This game is boring as shitI\'m too lazy to even roll right now smhA Chiraq Savage made this after watching one episode of Walking Dead... Aint no Lacking.. Period. Rules Meek Mill Violated Probation. Could be Sentenced to State Prison on Feb 5th: via Lebron been telling yall that people too close to the floor... These dudes are like 7 foot.. and dive for loose balls likSoulja Boy getting his tattoos on his face removed.. He\'s striving to be a better person too sincerely hope shawty alright but it a GREAT sign that Lebron James diving for loose balls.. That\'s playoff Lebron httpPrayers up for shawty... niggas is use to soft players.. yall questioning Lebron diving? My nigga Allen iverson use to dive all day... even whChief Keef is daring ISIS to pull up ... U trust our national security in Sosas hand? Meek Mill tried shedding some real nigga tears and the judge still didn\'t budge Judge tryna stop Meek Mill paper.. Telling him NO PERFORMANCES or work to make him $$ till February only Charity httpThe DA won vs Meek Mill today convincing the judge that Meek Mill was traveling without permission n diluted piss Banks gets arrested After Biting the Boob of a Club Bouncer Who Didn\'t Know Who She was.: Jo simmons on instagram hoping his sister dates yo gotti.. cuz he wants a verse.. this is unreal Hush insinuating that Pusha T don\'t wanna be the next on the summer Jam screen.. Drake watching  the captions... Basically OvO hush telling Pusha T to man up and call out Drake if he bout that life Beckham Jr... Practicing .. Idk man something off a bout him  is proof that hanging around hoes turns u into one too shit wild as f*ck.. such a damn beast... Her album "21" after 250+ weeks on the charts outsold Rick Ross second week numbers.. shit craPusha T Sneak Disses Drake, Tries to Deny it then OvO Hush tells him to "Man Up": via This is a Snippet from Drake - Views From The 6 project .. How is it sounding  or ?? Race is tight... Its a 3 Horse race right now though... Might come down to the buzzer... Who catches the NYE L new Pusha album Flash Back Friday lol a car.  swear I\'m ready to be done with all this shit.Just a big fucking headache.Player: "Alright we bouta run a full court trap"Gucci: "Who running what trap???" music ain\'t for everyone oh Ard I just seen it didn\'t know if you did for sure I\'m gonna look up tickets later  THE HELL did DJ Khaled find Bryson tiller on the ocean?!???? 4 Deep Me,Myself And I  And Plus My Shadow  lmaoooooo year changed my entire life.Ppl watch the wnba games ??? Just askingmaneuvering through the distractions.Hope he asked Santa for some lotion by Marco Grassi see your ass later  What it mean when he kisses your butt goodbye in the morning but not you? Being up this early &lt;&lt;&lt;SHE NEED A CONDOM FOR? Between Women. Always practice safe sex and keep yourself protected here to rob the store anyway, i do not care Laugh Well? When your dog is a hoe too  Miller posts photo on Instagram with a LeBron Cavs jersey casually sitting in background....Coincidence? long you\'re going to be petty her: Arenas says the WNBA would be selling out arenas if they had all bad b*tches playing .. Facts or SEXIST? Hip Hop producer who made "Looking Ass Nigga" for Nicki Minaj offers her one advice: "Don\'t Marry Meek Mill"  httpIn True Hip Hop fashion  responds 2 allegations of them not writin their raps by doin a 20 min freestyle httpYoung Thug Gets Called out for Having a FAKE WATCH. He Claims A Dubai Prince Gave it to Him.: viaI almost passed out watching this ----&gt; Being a Gay Rapper: A Social Experiment (Video) via Shawty wants that D literally! part of the game is this?  Game says he will fight Stitches for FREE after a waiver is signed and he fights his friend . promoter who wanted to set up n promote a Game vs Stitches fight now offers to fight Games manager himself  my thoughts &amp; drugs..Girls always find a reason to have an attitude about something smfhStitches is literally begging to fight The Game ... This time he wants a ring  Game\'s manager ACCEPTS a 1v1 FIGHT with stitches. Stitches wanted a "fair one" for the "sucker punch". he got it http at this snippet of conversation between Killer Mike and Bernie Sanders - full convo not released yet. Person has reached out claiming Stitches is threatening them with a Lawsuit... this is about the 12th person httpThe Game announces new project called "1992" with no features Dawg said Kendrick and Schoolboy Q got into a minor brotherly scuffle. But it\'s all  now. Just family business Fact: On a rainy day in 1991, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles invented "Hit Dem Folks" rub on your booty while I watch Monday Night FootballYall really cape for a nigga in red nail polish that calls guns dicks and raps like courage the cowardly dog lol and your brother\'s name is Saint paper X Blowing paper; #ExactlyWhatImDoing  claims  didn\'t write their rhymes and  literally "made it" . Will Made it denies writing Rae Sremmurd lyrics  days everybody in question lol ... Quentin Miller f*cked up the game. .Ayo they on the news giving the credit tho  .. Still forgot bout    tho Tyrone from IG and Big Brody Finna fight Feb 20 2016.. Anybody gonna order this pay per view?  Brody signs on to FIGHT Tyrone from IG on February 20, will u cop the pay per view to watch ? Games manager says he will fight Stitches 1 v 1 in celeb boxing but only if a BLACK OWNED COMPANY sets it up! wants to fight The Game 1 v 1 for CHARITY! To finally get his "fair one". Should the game accept? WON\'T Quit! He Challenges The Game to a Fair One. 1v1 Fight for CHARITY!: via A fan sent us a pic of the crowd at Slim Jesus "LIT" show .. Bright side is he getting  right? they are really serious bout this shit  illusion of money we don\'t believe in. Jesus said his show was LIT n posted a video .. Noisey corrected him saying 30 ppl were there n it was trash Ayo , at least Soulja Boy get money out here ... Niggas tried to scam him over some Hoverboards GOT US"  these days  Stitches knockout getting re-enacted as part of The Game show  https://t.co/MJmvLD6riy']