['Turns your jeans inside out before washing. It keeps the color from fading!Get 32 Life-Changing Beauty Tips in Under Four Minutes via Celebrity Hairstylist Orlando Pita\'s Tips for Voluminous Hair want to hear from you! What are your best tips for getting great nails? #manicureIf your nails are yellowed from wearing dark polish, scrub them with an old toothbrush and whitening toothpaste #manicureCustomize your nail polish by mixing shades, says  same goes for foundation!Fashion tip for busy moms from  find a daily uniform that works for you!Rinse hair thoroughly before AND after going in the poolit will help banish "chlorine green"!How to refresh a mattress? Add a few drops of essential oil to baking soda, mix, sprinkle on, and one hour later, vacuum off.Never squeeze a pimple. It can turn a 3 day visit into a 10 day embarrassment. Leave it aloneFlaky lips? Make your own lip scrub with sugar mixed with olive oil.Copying Fall Fashion Idea from J. Lo : said it? The only rule is dont be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.Tip from  Experiment w/ jewelry! Rock a bracelet around your ankle or wear a long necklace as a belt.Watching your weight? Chew some pine nuts  minutes before a meal. The protein-rich good fats in them will sate you and you\'ll gorge lessFor healthy hair like Kate Middleton\'s, get a trim every - weeks.3 Ways To Remove Earwax WITHOUT Q-Tips (Beauty Break) metallic are a different breed from the bling we wore during winter holidays.When shopping for vintage, always check underarms and collars for stains...and try to view the garment in natural light for discoloration.Fun kids\' party tip: serve punch from a fishbowl filled with ine life-shaped ice cubes.The universally flattering swimsuit style: a string bikini!Store nail polish in the fridge to keep it fresh, but bring it back to room temp before using to ensure it goes on smoothly #manimondayYou can take a girl out of Jersey but U can\'t stop her beauty obsession. "If I didnt make mistakes, Id never learn. You can only go forward by making mistakes."  Alexander McQueenUse self-tanner to look leaner by going slightly darker on the inside / outside of legs and the sides of the waist. Don\'t forget to blend!Want to make your mani last longer? Apply nail oil daily to keep chips at bay #manicuremonday"People are either too worried about what they have on or not worried enough." (Which R U?)Do you know your "nude"? Let skin color rather than product names guide you when choosing nail polish for a sleek &amp; chic nude manicure.Per Dr. Susan Stuart of CA\'s La Jolla Dermatology, eating orange produce gives skin a golden glowthink carrots, sweet potatoes &amp; cantaloupeFor everyone who\'s coloring your hair at home, what are your tips - for picking shades, making sure color is even, etc?Recycle your glass candle jars by washing them out and using them as storage for makeup brushes, vases for flowers, or kitchen canistersRinse your hair with sparkling waterthe low pH can help combat frizz. #beauty #tipIf it\'s humid out, give your nails twice as much time to dryotherwise, you risk smudges. #manicureFriends with influence are much more useful than face powder and rouge.Grace CoddingtonCopying Fall Fashion Idea from J. Lo : another reason to drink #greentea. It promotes oral hygiene and fights bad breath with its anti-bacterial properties.Headed to the dry cleaner this weekend? Not so fast! Most wools and silks can be hand washed, even if the tag says "dry clean only"How to take a basic white dress from work to party: just add statement accessories!#manimonday #tip from  Nail polish takes  hours to dry! Paint thin layers &amp; wait  minutes between coats.To freshen jeans between washes, seal them in a Ziplock bag &amp; put them in a freezer for  hours. #fashion #tipUnder-$ gift idea that any girl with a sweet tooth will adore: these faux macaron trinket boxes!Gum stuck on shoes or clothing? Put them in the freezer for hours and the stuff will crack off. Turpentine can get the tiniest bits off.Water-saving #tip: When you turn on the faucet don\'t let the water flow get thicker than a pencil.Tip for growing out bangs: to avoid a mishap like Michelle Obama\'s, apply styling cream before blowdrying to the side."What \'normal\' people would perceive as ugly, I can usually see something of beauty in it." #AlexanderMcQueenFix a streaky self-tan by rubbing pure lemon juice over the afflicted area. If your skin\'s sensitive, dilute juice w/ water #beauty #tipThe top tip stars gave us at the   invest in great shapewear to look your best in a dress!Who said it? The only rule is dont be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.No dry shampoo on hand? A bit of baby powder soaks up oil until your next shower.Wrinkles begin forming WHEN? Why someone barely out of their teens needs a serious night cream."Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That or a kick-ass red lipstick!" -- Gwyneth Paltrow #beauty #style #quotesTo make eyes look closer together, use beige/brown shadow on the eyelid corners near the nose. For a further-apart effect, use white.Never discard an earring just because its mate is lost! Glue it onto a barrette, or attach it to a chain to make a pendantKeep a pretty bottle of fragrance on your desk for a mid-day pick-me-up.#manimonday #tip from  Nail polish takes  hours to dry! Paint thin layers &amp; wait  minutes between coats."People walk differently in high heels... your body sways to a different kind of tempo"In cold weather, we run the risk of looking like a black-clad blob. Remember to accessorize with bright-colored bags, boots, berets!BBQ tip from #DNAEventsil Luca: nostalgic food is in! Serve old-school desserts like Bomb Pops &amp; Creamsicles.Copying Fall Fashion Idea from J. Lo : to be more creative at work: Clear away desk clutter at the end of each day!Exfoliate before shavingyou\'ll get a smoother end result #beauty #tipSelling your clothes to a resale shop? The buyer\'s more likely to take them if presented neatly on hangers.A really well-made buttonhole is the only link between Art and Nature. Oscar WildeCleaning out your closet? If you haven\'t worn an item in the last year, donate it--for a tax write-off!Know who you are, and bring it at all times.  RuPaul pic.twitter.com/FesAsTRraWho else is doing an at-home mani today?Can\'t afford teeth-whitening system? Brush with hydrogen peroxide--softly--for a minute after using toothpaste.Decor secret! To make a room look larger, go ahead and paint the walls, but leave the ceiling whiteLipstick on the collar: it happens to the best of us, even the President! Use hairspray to get the stain out.Tips &amp; Tricks for the best cruelty free mascara. (no kidding) Here\'s some Bella Beauty Ed for you. U into #crafting? Use egg cartons to keep your materials organized.How do you find the perfect denim fit?If your nails are yellowed from wearing dark polish, scrub them with an old toothbrush and whitening toothpaste #manicure#MetGala beauty cheat: Use eyeliner stickers to get the graphic cat eyes spotted on uary Jones &amp; Bella HeathcoteHow to get Emmy Rossum\'s  #MetGala mani: place pieces of lace atop wet nails, glue crystals when dry pic.Trying on a new foundation? Always use natural light. Walk to the store window, or take a small sample and a mirror outside the shop.A really well-made buttonhole is the only link between Art and Nature. Oscar WildeChain jewelry in a knot? Put olive oil on it, put it on a flat surface and pick it apart with needles. Then wash in soapy water"The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back." - Dale Carnegie. #fashion #quoteAvoid wearing your sunglasses on top of your head in hot weatherthe heat can warp the frames #fashion #style #tipCucumber slices are nice, but frozen soybeans will depuff your eyes more effectively. And you won\'t be tempted to eat them.Copying Fall Fashion Idea from J. Lo : it comes to sunscreen, less expensive = more effective.Who else is doing an at-home mani today?Styling tip from  don\'t be afraid to mix high and low! Think jeans &amp; tee with your fanciest bag or shoes.Hair oils: yay, nay, tips for using them? #beautychat"Birkenstocks with Gucci, that\'s my idea of cool." Gwyneth Paltrow in  SeptemberTo shed baby weight, dont lose moreor lessthan this amount each week, says #TameraMowryTwo.Feel a #coldsore coming on? Dab the spot with tea tree oil, nail polish remover or even vodka....these can prevent it from blossoming"When in doubt, wear red" - Bill Blass']