['Every college kid after finishing exams months of college changes you more than 4 years of high school.SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK pizza rolls just gently dab around the wound me: write this on my tombstone  don\'t care how well you used to know me or think you know me, unless you\'re in my life now you don\'t know anything abpass this around  it\'s been nice knowing y\'all. Dropping out to become a chihuahua to tell myself that even Cs get degrees as my teachers start posting grades to blackboardsame Selena same Target "Tar-jay"finals week is actually the Nightmare Before ChristmasYeah DJ Khaled snaps r inspirational but let\'s not forget the  type of teacher to boost yo 87.3% to 90%  up Study hard, they dont want you to graduateim telling youWhen you ask your mom for tickets to meet Justin and she asks how much? and you\'re just like "two ish...thousand" get me a 4.0 gpa and a cute loyal boyfriend plz and thxJust finished my last piece of hw. Officially done with this semester  I gotta do better in all aspects of my life rnme during the rest of the year vs. me during december it\'s okay buddy. I\'m not even gonna do my laundry til tomorrow"how\'d your finals go?" someone who loves sleep so much youd think that id sleep earlierwhite ppl: omg lakeisha is such a ghetto namewhite ppl: here comes my child daffodil ginseng blueberry yogurtDo better, be better know ur completely done with someone once u tell your mom what they did. Too late to apologize, lol no turning backeverybody\'s attitude next semester  has lost her chill ohmygod I hope nothing too terrible happened. Always gotta be thankful for every daywhen ur sad always remember that u dont look like you did in 6th grade lol I don\'t think I could\'ve asked for a better gift!!My girls are the best  to the gals who make San Diego a little bit more tolerable  #GrownAssWomen  to  for knowing me too well!!!  Santa is always the best with these divas  infinity and beyond done with this fucking school yearif DJ khaled got his girl pregnant  that a White House or your wife\'s house? else wanna waste my time in 2015, u only got 15 days leftA new record  SDSU received more than 83,000 undergraduate applications for fall 2016. khaled is the most supportive person in my life right nowGym Class Heroes - Cupid\'s Chokehold (March 2005) year has been a massive split between worst year of my life and best year of my life kill em buddy!!2015 has been a weird ass year like hella shit has happened and changed within this one year like damn  my philosophyhow to win a girls heart ur enjoying the warm weather in december but deep down u know it\'s because of global warming take this last final. Plz pray 4 meYou just can\'t  you finally get some good news so you cryas soon as you think maybe i can get up early and just finish it tomorrow youve already lostsometimes ur foundation is gonna be cakey and ur eyeshadows gonna be unblended and ur eyeliner wings are gonna be uneven, that\'s motivational af week TAKE FOREVER TO PLUG IN UR GOOD GRADES BUT QUICK AS HELL TO THROW IN ANY BAD GRADE YOU GETpretty sure my school would do this hobbies:watching the same show 4 timesstanding in front of the pantry but taking nothinglaughing at my own jokeslaying onMe: please God let me pass finalsGod: new phone who disHow amazing would it be to wake up one day and not be tiredI\'m really starting to think that I should\'ve been tested for ADHD as a childYou cannot be born racist, it is taught. got pissed bc a buzzfeed reporter took pictures of all the empty seats at one of his rallies LETS SPREAD IT OMFG BEST MOVIE WE HAVE TO WATCH ITIts 11:15 and I still haven\'t started this essay. It\'s due at 11am tomorrowHome sweet home new favorite thing to do is comparing pics of yung me to current me  short but my temper even shorteri need to lose 20 pounds, make $10,000, and sleep for 4 days by tomorrowLloyd ft. Lil Wayne - You (October 2006) well boot cut can damage my rep, what\'s more important cuz is so true lol u real sad tryin not to cry and then the moment someone asks "is everything ok?" do you want to be in 10 years?" Hispanic mom in the world has said this lmaoo mood: LIZZIE MCGUIRE EPISODE WITH AARON CARTER IS ICONIC I reply with oh I either dont give a fuck or I feel like ive been punched in the throatbecoming older than 10 years old was the biggest mistake of my lifeIS THIS REALL LIFE?!??? is so much worse as you get older its like what do you want this year? a sense of purposeBasically LOOK AT THE COMMENT  http://t.co/Y3tjqI7Fl8Anyone have recommendations for a movie that\'ll leave me feeling warm &amp; fuzzy after watching it??']