['NASA Receives Significant Budget Boost for Fiscal Year 2016 - Universe Today Sony RX1R Mark II Review by Steve Huff fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.With a healthy dose of Star Wars actors Graham Nortons show should be worth watching despite the footballer! Astronauts May Take Surprise Spacewalk to Fix Space Station: NASA - Force Awakens.  Slovenia. Beauty around. . .  . #beautynature #beautyaround need to buck their ideas up. If theres a RX1R II issue then say so and accept plaudits for fixing it. If theres no issue then say so!I eschew Alex Polizzi\'s other output but her programmes about Italy are a joy. I\'ve yet to end one without a huge smile on my face.Luckily I was (just) able to catch the 1st episode at This is a side of Italy normally well hidden. Please fix your Next Series functionality in the Planner. Alex Polizzis Italian Islands should have followed on from Secret Italy.Is the postponement of Sony\'s RX1r II launch "Japan only"? Some reports say all production is halted but is that "Chinese whispers"?Even if a very tiny proportion of that 40 billion can support an earth-like biosphere thats still a lot of chances for multicellular life.40 billion Earth-sized planets in habitable zones of sun-like or red dwarf stars in the Milky Way: Habitable Exoplanets Catalog - Planetary Habitability Laboratory @ UPR Arecibo Fixed. Thanks.Today is THE day but..... #StarWars I am a meat eater, but here in Bali it\'s all about the king prawns! Orrery IV For the 2nd day Kaspersky is reporting your site is attempting to download a Trojan script. Check your advertisers!There\'s a temporary workaround for using unsigned plug-ins in Firefox 43 only. Go to about:config and toggle xpinstall.signatures.requiredMozilla has now disabled S3Fox. Very annoying as I\'ve used it for years. CloudBerry Explorer for Amazon S3 to the rescue.It looks like those seeing The Force Awakens in the cinema are in for a treat. I\'ll have to wait for the Blu-ray. :(VERY exciting seeing  on the ISS but, having watched the 1st moon landing, I am so frustrated by how slow progress is. Odell Beckham Jr - the Beckham you can support! Im at a loss to understand UK TV News policy. The BBC even broadcast a warning that parents should not send their kids to school in LA.Wrong channel Dave!   #DavidCameron #TimPeake Cyber-shot RX1R II Hands-On Overview NASA TV got that right. Was that BBC coverage or a daily rag? But thanks for your continued engagement. I am now told that the servers are being upgraded (Orange -&gt; EE) and until that is complete(up to a month!!!) I\'ll have to wait. Crazy. I was advised to text STOP BB to 450 to end my BlackBerry sub. 5 was deducted yesterday despite my request weeks ago that BIS be ended.Wow, the money shot has to be seeing the 3rd stage firing from a camera on the ISS.Cant remember the last time I saw a daylight Soyuz launch. I called last night. Why isnt STOP BB to 450 working? Bon voyageThe only thing keeping me with  right now is the possible takeover by BT and access to BTs Wi-Fi hotspots.The Orange support from  is dysfunctional. Calling 450 failed to stop Blackberrys BIS. Texting STOP BB to 450 gets a try again laterJust had an email from the ESA saying my password has been stolen. Damn aliens!  #NeverReusePasswordsTwo weeks on with the iPhone 6S and Im still finding new ways to customise. Cool.   Or a slow learner? Nahh, today\'s just not working for me so far  the Future of the Sony A7x Series? An Exclusive Interview at Sony HQ" on  Landscape has gone subscription.  If quality content hides behind a paywall whats left is diminished. Wasnt there a better way? What will the next McLaren hypercar look like?Nicola Sturgeon has joined calls for Mr Trump to be considered for exclusion from the UK: Good call!But it looks like well have to wait until next year here in the UK. A chance to do some more growing up CHILDHOOD\'S END Trailer | The Golden Age - Coming In December 2015 | Syfy of comment about limited iPhone 6S battery capacity. Not an issue for this user as I dont play games.The  KX-PRW120 tempts as it allows use of a smartphone as an additional handset (over Wi-Fi). But why no KX-PRW130 in the UK?If the home (DECT) phone market presages the camera market were in trouble. Myriads of barely differentiated models and little innovation.iOS 9.2 now up and running.  A 2550 mAh battery goes from 0 to 100% in 80 minutes (source: Trusted Reviews) implying 1.9 amps. Does it do toast as well?In case you were wondering:Grace - You Don\'t Own Me ft. G-Eazy  five years ago, almost to the day. Whatever happened to winter? Image Share is now running on the iPhone. Having to manually select the Wi-Fi network is a bit clunky. Why cant the app select it?It seems the spirit, if not the letter, of Japanese-American Relocation during World War II is still alive.  RUSH.   Well, theres always a bit of icing left over.SKYGLOW: DISHDANCE on Vimeo if 50 minutes is too long then check out this stunning vocal: Maha Utsavam Ranjani &amp; Gayathri:  RX1R II continues to excite. I think I need to return to a purer experience, if a full-frame 42MP 35mm f/2 can be considered pure! I know the story arcs meant it could never be but Id have loved to see Alex Kingston as a future Dr Who. Im even more excited about Alex Kingston reprising her role as River Song at Christmas. If the iTunes App Store is anything to go by it seems camera reviews are still the domain of the web.Orbital ATK Rocket Successfully Lifts Off Supremely contagious showmanship -  #theabsolutelymetour,  you ever wake up remembering a dream so bizarre you cant make sense of it? Aliens took over my brain last night.  Well, Ive got the butter if youve got the time. All in the name of science, of course. From the Windermere ferry webcam. \'Open" - I don\'t think so.  I\'m having a moan, someone should slap the Dr Who production team for introducing background music when the actors are whispering!Always nice to be remembered but what\'s the point of an animated e-card when you can\'t print it out?The ATK launch has been scrubbed three days on the trot. There has to be a better way.Future-fantasy in print. RT for your chance to win a special-edition #McLarenMP4X poster, signed by JB &amp; Fernando. Is Hiring Writers - - Here for You ft. Ella Henderson: Have a great weekend.Best-Ever Pluto Photos Show Breathtaking Views of Dwarf Planet Duchy Organic get my vote for the best mince pie. A subtle filling with a beautiful aftertaste surrounded by a well textured pastryNiggles about data theft aside, theres something pretty cool about the way the Cloud allows calendars and contacts to sync across devices.Oh, and if you can navigate the Help systems voice menu you speak to a person with an IQ just (!) sufficient to follow the IT dept script.Most IT departments are like politicians: they promise the earth and deliver little of quality.Maybe the only exception to that is lack of a touchscreen but that seems to be a Sony blind spot.A few reviews for the RX1r II are now out. Stupid but pretty much every negative comment so far could only be fixed by making it bigger!  Missing you already. Come back soon please if mind and body are willing. I think Ill take a view on tonights ATK launch and watch some recorded biathlon instead.Had to happen. Any #675LT Coupe owners regretting their decision now? Lots to love but solar cells? Really! Is the Honda that short of power? South Africa Appeal Court Finds Oscar Pistorius Guilty of Murder.  At last! core Biathlon season is now underway and what more fitting than Bjoerndalen achieving his 95th win, this one at the 20km individual.  I think I need a cold shower after seeing that.   To my eyes even the central 100% crops don\'t look that crisp so not much digital zooming headroom. If needed!!!']