['Are you ready to take the Plunge? know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe"A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror." - Ken Keyes"Either you run the day or e day runs you." - Jim RohnWant more friends? Try these tips! don\'t see things as they are, we see them as we are." - Anais Nin"If you want to achieve widespread impact and lasting value, be bold." - Howard Schultz"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Benjamin DisraeliThink your teachers were perfect ... think again teacher-confessions it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required." - Winston Churchill"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn"The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing." - Stephen CoveyLearn to Read Body Language Cues. What They\'re Saying When They\'re Saying Nothing on planning, people and passion and always life your dreams." - Mike Clare"Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans." - Max Ehrmann"Ambition has one heel nailed in well, though she stretch her fingers to touch the heavens." - Lao TzuBet you didn\'t know you could insure these! there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass"A good life is a collection of happy memories." - Denis Waitley"A danger foreseen is half avoided." - Thomas FullerThe best Nick Toon GIFs you have to make a choice and don\'t make it, that is in itself a choice." - William James"One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak." - G. K. Chesterton"Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become." - James AllenNeed dating tips? Hollywood\'s got the answers. grain of rice will tip the scale" - Pid S"At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable." - Christopher Reeve"Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don\'t matter and those who matter don\'t mind." - Dr SeussRemember the Magic Eye? They were the rage in the 90s! opportunities are often the beginnings of great enterprises." - Demosthenes"Little by little, one travels far." - J. R. R. Tolkien"He that can have patience can have what he will." - Benjamin FranklinCheck out this list of the Most Beautiful Women in the World! you don\'t know where you\'re going, any road\'ll take you there" - George Harrison"It is the weight, not numbers of experiments that is to be regarded." - Isaac Newton"When we accept tough jobs as a challenge and wade into them with joy and enthusiasm, miracles can happen." - Arland GilbertThe Struggle Was Real are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win." - Stephen King"A decision today changes tomorrow forever." - John Di Lemme"The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer." - Henry David ThoreauWhoomp, There It Is! Remember these 90s Slang? give yourself a good mental shampoo." - Dr. Sara Jordan"Look at how a single candle can both defy and define the darkness." - Anne Frank"Know yourself and you will win all battles." - Sun TzuIf you grew up in the 90\'s, you\'ll love this. man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything." - Donald Kircher"There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you." - David Burns"Leap and the net will appear." - Julia CameronEasy Tips For Coming Out Of The Closet danger you cannot get beyond danger." - George Herbert"To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest." - Gandhi"Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." - James LevinDon\'t do Drugs or this might happen greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high and we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it." - Michelangelo"When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor Frankl"When you have to make a choice and don\'t make it, that is in itself a choice." - William JamesWatch out for these People on OKCupid! with success comes a reputation for wisdom." - Euripides"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius"A ship is safe in harbour, but that\'s not what ships are for." - William SheddMeet The Real Life Barbie Doll! Unbelievable! is more expensive than a missed opportunity." - H. Jackson Brown"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." - Albert Einstein"To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance." - Oscar WildeThe best 90\'s songs of heartbreak lead the people, walk behind them." - Lao Tzu"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation." - Charles F. Kettering"Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing." WardFirst dates are awkward enough ... add texts to the mix and it\'s just an epic fail. is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed." - Theodore Roosevelt"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." - Mahatma Gandhi"Sharing tales of those we\'ve lost is how we keep from really losing them." - Mitch AlbomTasty Fast Food Hacks things help an individual more than to place responsibility upon him, and to let him know that you trust him." - Booker T. Washington"Most people would rather be certain they\'re miserable, than risk being happy." - Robert AnthonyFind out what happened to your favorite 90\'s stars? of the best uses of your time is to increase your competence in your key result areas." - Brian Tracy"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - ConfuciusThese Weird Selvies will make you Cringe! never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot"Boredom is the conviction that you can\'t change ... the shriek of unused capacities." - Saul Bellow"How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live." - Henry David ThoreauThe best 90s memes! LOL cry because it\'s over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss"The purpose of life is a life of purpose." - Robert Byrne"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein.These seemed like good ideas, until they weren\'t and everything failed. joy." - Ralph Waldo Emerson"When anyone asks me about the Irish character, I say look at the trees. Maimed, stark and misshapen, but ferociously tenacious." E. O\'Brien']