['u kno it  was the best decision I\'ve made all month long. My feed is filled with all kinds of beautiful WOC. It\'s so lovely! Your face is perfection!  have I ever experienced a dog birthday party before! It was so cute! I can\'t wait to have my own fur babies to make them one! quick BABY BUDDHA   so true, y\'all see all them beiges? head like a beauticianThis dog deserves everything and I have to limit myself to $20. If you know me, you know how hard I struggled...When he transfers money into your account to buy a gift for a dog\'s 1 yr bday and leaves a message telling you not to spend it all Skinny shaming is just as disgusting as fat shaming. I honestly don\'t understand people &amp; their obsession w/ weight. httpdem stretch marks. can sell breasts but you cannot wear breasts. Shia LaBeouf for Interview Magazine 2014 Interview Magazine pt 4. Interview Magazine pt2 tired of people not taking this topic seriously bc people romanticize it and make it look like we just want attention. No. This is real.Mental illnesses are serious and not to be taken lightly. They can literally ruin your life if you do not take control of them.someone who already has one. But do not sit there and try to get people to feel sorry for you bc you want attention. Go get help.If you want a mental illness or think you may have one, seek help. Even if you want a mental illness, you may need just as much help asSTOP ROMANTICIZING MENTAL ILLNESSES. This is not fun, sexy, attractive, or cool in any way. At all. This is scary and hard to live with.shopping &amp; paying my bills on time, but instead, I\'m here, missing work because I can\'t cope with the fact that I let my illness fuck me up.At least until tax season. My point is STOP ROMANTICIZING MENTAL ILLNESSES. This shit is NOT fun. I\'m supposed to be wrapping up my Xmasdepression like crazy rn bc I couldn\'t think that how much I was spending at the beginning of the year would effect me now. I am fucked.that I needed to purchase a shit ton of stuff to get myself through the year. Fast forward to the end of this year, I am fightingBecause I\'m bipolar, my judgment gets clouded. At the beginning of this year, I fucked myself hard financially bc at one point I thoughtOkay, I\'m going to be brutally honest right now. And this is for the fucking sake of speaking up for mental health issues. thanks Debby! For u as well love  Octobers were like this for me. It can get better!Sometimes I forget who my real support system is. And it\'s nice to be reminded this way. I missed work yesterday bc fucked up ass mood swings and I wake up to all of these messages. Iverson | Post Malone want to go is a legend  Yeah, that\'s definitely the best way to go. All in good time.  Thank you! You should definitely give it a try! It\'s so much fun have! Omg! Are you kidding?? So are you!! Like, yes, boo, slay that new makeup look/outfit or no outfit/makeup! I fucking am here for thisLately, I haven\'t been tweeting much at all, but I enjoy the hell out of retweeting  successful &amp; beautiful body posi picsWhat a babe!   we start her a gofundme account n bail her out VADER: Luke, I am NOT your father.LUKE: thank godDARTH VADER (removing clothing exposing two beautiful tits): I am yopass this around  Loey I have work to do #youareflawless when I made gold cum nebulas? I rescanned them recently and they\'re all cracked and gorgeous (and gross) not wrong.  year vs. last years decorations.  on a 3 day break thanks to depression...  did I spill too much tea http://t.co/Q1oE8llyaPThis Lingerie Campaign Is Complete With Stretch Marks, Scars, and Tattoos. Realistic representation welcome  Brooks COVERED POPCORN EXISTS MY LIFE IS COMPLETE I\'m taking these notes! I\'m just kidding. I\'m dramatic af sometimes. My stocking is coming soon. And so is the rest of the gifts I have to purchase.I\'d like to believe that at least they put it in the center of all their stockings bc I\'m the center of this family.They could have used a target or a F21 at least but no. The assholes used a 99 CENT STORE bag. This is what I\'m worth to them.I don\'t mean that they bought a bag from the 99 sent store. Like they used the plastic bags you walk out of the store with your stuff in.It\'s the week before Xmas and I still haven\'t bought my stocking so my family used a 99 cent store bag to put my stocking stuffers. When people think you\'re late, but you arrive on time Sanders explaining what\'s so dangerous about Donald Trump running for president. Girls my brother got married and I got a new sister. I\'m so happy and grateful. want support for ugly girls and lazy girls and girls that can\'t ever get their eyeliner right. is so exciting!  out 2 my girls who live in a fat shaming household n have to deal w micro aggressions and blatant rude comments on theONE OF THE MOST ICONIC MOMENTS IN REALITY TV is what good parenting looks like be feelin bad for em  lmfao To Sleep Ladies  day his love for black women was sparked.  ya dog needs some love too   psychologyANY girl can become my friend literally just hmu in my dms like "girl u will not believe this mf" WHAT HE DO BABEI am screaming I love this video. was substantially better than 2014 for me. So, I\'m praying in that 2016 I see nothing but growth.Reasons to love Nicki Minaj: Dobrev though  vine just changed my life where I need to be now. It took a lot of pain to get here but it feels worth it.I was never asking for too much. I was asking the wrong people.Petition to increase days to 30 hours, say "ay!" ']