['  check your dm my challenge to you is the dwarf and hobbit extra   who Aleem? Or Hartleys?    me also flood damaged is what I think. Why.. Just why?    dear sir how would you like your super car? Drowned In a Lake or not? and way way way too much champers Nikki beach and George Galloway your miles behind me kiddo good job I am in mc then ;)Shocked not to see it isn\'t  brother  Chancellor Angela Merkel has been named Times Magazine\'s Person Of The Year. Pictured here at the UN in 2013. http   was he speaking or listening? I saw about it yesterday and realized I needed one also. What\'s the pice you know? two lost souls living Ina fish bowl kl one missing plane three missing owners good result really?Oil down again. At this point an independent Scotland would no doubt have fallen back on its thriving kelp and shortbread you mean  ?The brilliant #DancePicker app is only $1! Check it out:  who?"From now on, you\'re on your own." hartleys , and Steven fry nothing pal, a billionaire, a pikey car dealer , a gay tv star and a country president! Beat that!    new year I think when I can get it.  they do look like the missing link from real people and   yes I also thought you did first ;) yes that also. #pornhub star  good luck. mr cockram food envy from here again. massive want   not Matt, there is also another light blue one out there also  Matt yes only one to what? voice of experience?Reminding everyone that you can still buy my very funny parody on #politics Creme de le Kremlin on was tragically shot 35 years ago today. Pictured here in New York 1979.   that\'s a typo right from havens?   I think I should stop this now without my lawyer involved   to my defense I had stopped drinking about three hours before  possibly ha ha ha. If honest you can\'t see who the fuck it is.  I went school fete Saturday videoed the whole play thing, only to get home and realize been videoing wrong child!  rants fooking madness why not? The world has gone mad. U.K. Especially IMO being too correct  really? Wife can\'t take any? I keep away from it like the plague. It\'s a horrid site."CHRIS REA: Avoid the need to drive home for Christmas by never leaving the Ecuadorian Embassy.    ade I had you down more of a readers wives type character didn\'t laugh I think he may have the idiot vote in USA and there are plenty of them there.Better and didn\'t cost millions  at it\'s finest  everyone hope you are all well Can you RT and see if We can get me a 1000 followersThank you #DavieNoLegs htt they would be shit I think you need to read this     so tempted yet I doubt he would answer no. I see a nice black one very often    I heard he only buys lv shoes    ha ha ha Kent boys just over his shoulder agree so gun control idiots per head capita I guess USA wins hands down ok must have it mixed up with most in Europe ok yes USA is full of idiots, who shouldn\'t have a dog license never mind a gun one Switzerland has more guns per head capita than even USA, but no problems. It\'s all about giving idiots guns, I guess really no it won\'t, but I will agree to disagreeI can provide my detailing service anywhere in the world or my studio near Southport UK, get in touch for more info ht yawn, no like all those mass shootings in erm wait... Oh yes USA and only USA. Switzerland has more guns per head nothing! then other gunman also wouldn\'t have a gun. Vis a vis no problem in first place  and why the hell not?  or five! Can\'t wait for the video that forces him to come out good! oh what a cunt #gayicon its tough to miss a six foot four God.BREAKING: Refugee attacked &amp; seriously injured 2 policeman at a train station in #Osnabrck #Germany while shouting "IS I bet it was very easy to forget me... Once met always forgottenI\'ve just got my new sponsorship proposal for next year. If anybody looks shit  he is just a twat  you would be also if you had to live with them.    best bakery I know by far.    in cap dail you mean? Th yes and the bread is awesome Holly came from Miami FLA, RIPThat\'s why  has been quiet he has turned #isis      lovely    and now  has a st Patrick\'s day idea   sounds exciting    he was in a movie with  will keep at it ;) linked also on FB   looks like  had been working out again #lookinggooddan look here if your looking for a great read over Xmas, super books well written with a fantastic insight #1   you wish is my commandsomeone explain why U.S coalition is bombing water &amp; power infrastructure in #Syria &amp; avoiding Isis oil production?  so many women and children makes your heart.... Oh wait all single men ....']