['The #Chelsea players have just finished their warm-up. Applause as they leave the pitch.Chelsea players are a disgrace. Playing well now they\'ve got what they wanted.This is terrific trolling from the Chelsea playersI haven\'t seen Chelsea players run so much and try so hard this season. Disgraceful from them.Chelsea players working their socks off today. If only they\'d done this all season we wouldn\'t be in this mess #CFCNooooo Chelsea players are suspects Jos Mourinho\'s last photo with his Chelsea players before he left  up Zweli, It\'s over "where di fok is the guy" man said "take it, take it"  LOOL where di fok is da guy Davido was stunting for a picture until the snake moved  said take it Davido was stunting for a picture until the snake moved  http://t.co/L3PumJRKJRFinally we got a W    a bad day when your with the champ   that\'s from fetty wap but thats fetty wapNew Views From The 6 Snippet DONT WANT YOU TO BE SUCCESSFUL it does  live in fear that someone will kidnap my grandson Billy who lives at 822 58th St, Apt 2 on the 4th floor, keeps door unThey kept fuckin around so I told em all the ninja turtles died, niggas in here cryin like they lost they homie  http://t.coMata actually got subbed in a must win UCL game for some kid who was considering retirement LMFAO nothing more embarrassi how does that constitute * how does constitute you saying something so horrible?RT if you\'re sleepingHow Justin bieber sees himself vrs how he really looks no apologize. I\'m about to cry. ApologizeThe power of a tweet!Haidar, the boy who lost his parents in a terrorist attack in Lebanon, met  today only 5\'4.  Wow...that\'s really hurtful. Please apologize. I would never say that to someone.When Tabarius tweeted "wish I had a pizza rn " nd a follower ordered a pizza to his house that\'s when I knew twitter was only one without a shirt. every black group got that one Mexican lolDem bois up to something  you dumb for thinking nobody know Jack Wilshere , get out my mentions. If you respond you dumb as hellso feminists shouldn\'t join the military then he getting 360 Y Y\'d rnThat nigga Tabarius prolly in Syria getting quick scoped rnCounting the days until you returned goat has returned to the tl  back for 2 weeks! My TL has been revived is back. It\'s a Christmas miracle.Yo when you get out the military come to Florida and teach me how to quick scope Tabarius is back for 2 weeks bruh merry Christmaswe get  and  back in the same day, twitter is finally good again you bout to get skinny ass hell while at BCT but gain errthang back in AIT lolI finally got up to 193 just to go back down to 179. Bout eat the weights while I\'m on Christmas break boyAye somebody fw wit me on an 14 day Xbox live pass or some so I can hand out Ls in madden and 2k againDrepecl a bitch killed a darkskin bitch in GTA in front a cop &amp; didn\'t even get 1 star..... No 1 give a fuck bout you black hoes lmaoLook.. I choose peace but , say... Don\'t walk up on me wrong..This Tea and Incense can turn into Colt 45 and NewportsWhite privilege. Yall so lucky man  PLAYED A COP IN ROCK PAPER SCISSORS FOR IF SHE WOULD GO TO JAIL FOR UNDERAGE DRINKING   came back from basic training  bro I\'m frying real tears The GOAT is back  If anyone ever told you basic training for military hard. They lied. If u fat &amp; sensitive its hard tho. Other than that cakeShut up bitch and go fix yo semi-colon ass eyebrows  nigga fucked her whole year up  #2015faves you came into my mentions  funny how you talk about near post goals. Your club lost its only chance of UCL from one. first video. David De Gea - Near Post RT\'s appreciated. the same. Stupid analogy  stupid analogyOFFICIAL: Anthony Martial wins 2015 European Golden Boy award. #MUFC |  you dumb as hell. I\'m actually so surprised I gotta clap for yo assRVP: "Are you a big boy now?"Memphis: "Do big boys play for Fenerbache?"*Squad starts to laugh*RVP: fight between Memphis Depay and Robin van Persie a few months ago #MUFC ball was not passed to Van Persie, RvP asked Memphis "Do you think you\'re a big boy?"Memphis replied "Do big boys play Not sure how I feel about Memphis getting brave to Rvp. Respect to the 2012/2013 goat is needed.After not passing to Van Persie:RvP: "Do you think you\'re a big boy?" Memphis: "Do big boys play for Fenerbahce?"   did he go up or down?This is madness   ai vele you guys love "amabadboys" ne ? really what do laaities know about the original bad boys aka Tau Mogale, Jack Mabaso, Sibusiso Dhlomo &amp; later, Kenneth Mash3 niggas that have a special place in my heart - Jack Mabaso, Kenneth Mashaba and KK Mulaudzi  we fall in love with characters. I felt pain when Ngamla, Mabaso, Mashaba leftDavid genaro is the greatest villain to ever brought to life on south african Prime-Time TVDavid Genaro should be in USA acting in action movies not this shit...The reason why I watch #RhythemCity is because of one guy David Genaro ... The guy can act ... Lmao ... Yoh !!Loool always been like that" But David Genaro is crazy!" for ini? you are such a miserable old man    why does he have to be coked up to be exuberant? Says a lot abouThrowback to when Coutinho sent Bellerin back to Barcelona academy "I remember I was on the plane back &amp; I already said to my mum that I wanted to come to Arsenal. I\'m very happy I m "no I will not open that jar for you. Weak ass"']