['. #Rockets - Howard, Ariza Trade for Rose, Gasol Would Fit FinanciallyRead more here:  blunder: #49ers\' NB Jimmie Ward resurgent in second season ...  NFL Fantasy articles for wk 15:ScoutingNotebookTip SheetThis Fan Is Please DM Me. So Sorry I Didn\'t See This can confirm Scout report that QB Will Grier is transferring from #Gators. Approached coaching staff about it last week.This is a great quick(ish) read before setting your lineups: Miller and Jones Have Sweet Matchups This Week J.J. Watt met a "tuff girl" from Katy.You\'ll want to see what happened next.--&gt; teammates, coaches &amp; even opposing coaches agree: Clowney is "coming along".READ: think our friend  found a new career up here in #Canada #Curling #hurryhard   football PSA: there\'s a game tonight. Check your lineups!"The 1st school that offered me a chance to play RB, that\'s where I\'m going."#AFootballLife open part of #AZCardinals practice, RB Ellington in helmet for 1st time after hurting toe. Rucker back. S Rashad Johns2015 Ed Block Courage Award Winner Jadeveon Clowney selected by teammates to recognize extra efforts &amp; ability to overcome grThe  have selected OLB Jadeveon Clowney ( as the 2015 Ed Block Courage Award winner: lead NFL in scoring def (17.3 PPG), total def (272.5 YPG) &amp; sacks (44). No team has ever led NFL in all 3 categorieGreat to have Charles Barkley in the building today! Sources: As a basketball fit with the Houston Rockets fails to materialize, guard Ty Lawson on trading block. Was. Amazing. Adorable Mary had her  of catching with  QB  come true.  auctioning off 4 club level seats to Peach Bowl. Call and bid at 713-780-3776. Go CoogsI rarely pull Johnny Companyguy, buuut the FNTSY live feed on the site is like $30 for a year. Perfect gift! 24/7 fantasy Kenny Britt giving his daughter his touchdown ball was the play of the night: source tells me Manvel QB D\'Eric King plans on committing with #Coogs  httpJohnny Manziel and Golden Tate Lead Week 15 Notebook Fitzpatrick will have played in 70% of Jets\' plays this season, triggering added comp to Houston: condtl 7th-rd pick  thanks for the supportHere it is  Mt Rushmore of Houston rap...they went back too   raheem the vigilante , OG STYLE , zero, and face  FACE, KEKE, PIMP C, SLIM THUG  craig what\'s next T. Swift?  Jayson\'s REVERSE white discrimination is hilarious Adele is for real.Kevin Sumlin at the next Texas A&amp;M quarterback meeting. the Patriots claimed both WR Leonard Hankerson (Falcons) and OT LaAdrian Waddle (Lions) off of waivers.  no worriesRams D on 2nd &amp; 5 from the 9. Easiest TD ever. The play calling for Rams D was brutally bad in this. job by the Bears. Played Alshon a lot more on the inside against the Redskins after the 49ers limited him on the outside w/ zone wk b43rd qtr brings "Good Johnny". Like a shortstop turning a double play, slings it immediately to Hartline. #Dolphins promoted QB Logan Thomas because the #Bengals tried to sign him off Miami\'s practice squad, source said.  I get your point, but I point out the good &amp; the bad. Not attacking the kid, just showing the film. That\'s allOuch! Miscommunication &amp; Duke Johnson goes uncovered. Manziel doesn\'t spot it until it\'s too late. has to see this, 3rd down, doesn\'t see open WR, throws short of the sticks &amp; misses Duke on top of that. perfect pocket, no reason for his front foot to be behind his back foot &amp; then slings it off-target.Like some of the improvement by Manziel, but there is still "Good Johnny" &amp; "Bad Johnny".Bad tech, misses slant. Jones returns to practice today. Michael Johnson, Leon Hall, George Iloka, Tyler Eifert, Jake Fisher all not particiAndre Johnson\'s best (stat) season \'08115 rec 1,575 yds 8 TDsDeAndre Hopkins (current)89 rec  1,221 yds 10 TDsAVG left8.7 rec 118 ydsLuck will NOT play on Sunday. Pagano says. Hasselbeck is expected to play, Pagano says. Witten went 13 straight games during \'09 season w/o a TD catch. The last time before that was his rookie season (\'03).Witten hasn\'t caught a TD pass since week 1 (12 straight games). If he doesn\'t catch 1 this week, it\'ll tie his longest in-season drought.The Dolphins have added QB Logan Thomas to their active roster.Blake Bortles has thrown for 3 or more TDs in 4 games this season. 3 of those games were against the AFC South - IND (3), HOU (3), TEN (5). Rodgers only played in 9 games that season (2013).He has 3 games left in 2015 to pass his career low.Aaron Rodgers has thrown 3 or more TDs in only 3 games this seasonOnly time in his career w/ that few games of 3 TDs or more was in 2013Tamba Hali, Husain Abdullah, Justin Houston, DeAnthony Thomas and Spencer Ware will not practice Wednesday.She beat cancer  give her 1,000 retweets tried out former Texans wide receiver Alan Bonner, receivers Deonta Greenberry, Donatella Luckett, Larry PinkaVIDEO: This might be James Harden\'s most pathetic attempt at defense yet--sorry to hear this. Vikings\' visits to U of M Children\'s Hospital were a blessing to Anton\'s family.  watching Ariza battling down low against Cousins with bigs in foul trouble. was wondering who would be the troll with this predictable, twitter reply. Congrats, you won! Rockets announcers are the worst. UnwatchableBias announcers during games ruin the experience for me. I get that they\'re playing up to the home audience but all the whining is annoying.Yes.  reported 2 hours ago.  web site reported that QB Phillip Sims has a Wednesday  workout. Rookie spent preseason with #Texans owner Bob McNair on franchise needing to invest in a QB this offseason via draft: "Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Yes.  no, gets complicated thenDeAndre Hopkins was the 27th pick. Teams much rather make the playoffs &amp; have a shot.  the Seahawks have released RB DuJuan Harris.If Texans lose in Indy Sunday, they would have to go 2-0 and Indy would have to go 0-2 in the last 2 weeks for Houston to win the AFC South. call the station and ask for Michelle. She has all the details.The #Lions have also placed TE Brandon Pettigrew on IR &amp; signed veteran TE Bear Pascoe. win the AFCs the Texans just need to defeat the AFCs. Last 3 games for Houston are@ Indy@ TennJaguarsIND last 3HOU@ MIATENThe #Lions have released offensive tackle LaAdrian Waddle#Redskins cut Christine Michael off their practice squad. So that\'s three teams in a little over 3 months giving up on hi#Browns place WR Brian Hartline on IR after surgery on broken collarbone, sign RB Daryl Richardson is very true. Not an accurate QB, but he\'ll throw it up.  Hopkins had double digit targets in his first 10 games this year. He hasn\'t hit that mark in the last three games. new phone who disThe Patriots signed WR DeAndre Carter. He had a locker at Gillette. my man kept his promise of if we win conference championship he will get a grill . LETS GO #GoCoogs fits  for a grill. Hopes to put together a song about  soon. Herman, Paul Wall and TV Johnny. This is great! Bowers, out of NFL for three months, grateful to be back with Bucs as depth signing at defensive tackle. are releasing WR Leonard Hankerson from IR today; he will be eligible to be claimed on waivers.Astrodome documentary "Eighth Wonder of the World" premieres tonight 8p CT on   15 Fantasy Football Scouting Reports Kemp\'s Reebok Kamikaze IIs are back in OG colors. Get these classics now: claimed Kaleb Johnson off waivers.They waived C Gabe Ikard and placed Joe Haden on IR.Browns signed WR Rannell Hall off of the Bucs practice squad']