["The DNC restores  campaign's voter database access,  reports. (Isis, greek origin) was the original virgin mother, not Mary. Ijs...The great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. We must address this economic   how can we all help decrease the infant mortality rate in Ohio?Congress Passes $1 Trillion Spending Plan, Planned Parenthood Survives Louis Stokes was another great! I didn't know about Wes Craven. Where was I? Hmmmm...Grog Shop Offers Buy One Ticket, Get One Free Promotion This Weekendthe DNC is on some bull crap! If ppl of the lower and middle class wants change, here their chance. And he's leading by example!Important Alert from #Ohgo Road closed at NI-71 and East I-90 said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Join the conversation: #DebateWithBernie.http I had fun at the BMe event in Akron Ohio last night. I love what you're doing , but that left a nasty impression. I hope all the best to you. I understand your point and your frustration, but your delivery was wrong. Made you seem very arrogant. after your video about ppl only donating $25 and thinking their done after you said please donate what you can... NawHey schedule your ccw classes in February Email your interest @ PremierSDConcepts sign up for the first gun giveawCan't find your lady a holiday gift?! Let me help    (cc:   @TWHITE QB: I support the xenophobic racist. We are palsPUBLIC: ha ha oh tomBLACK QB: I dance when I'm happy PUBLIC: THINKBREAKING: After judge declares mistrial, first officer charged in Freddie Gray death walks free for now for sure! Beachwood in Ohio The meatball piada was good! This was my first time trying it. I think I would try it again! be careful and don't get E. coli eating there! Lol thank you much! I'll do that to make sure.Woman beats her would-be rapist to a pulp up on #TYTlive: Americans are buying a record number of guns for Christmas Police say shots have been fired, and a suspect is down in the area near the San Bernardino shooting; unclear if it' how do I know if and when I got my 2 extra gigs? Thanks!Elizabeth Warren: Government Went Too Easy On Predatory For-Profit College Company via Kohls Worker Details Her Insane Schedule Through Black Friday via  You go boy!!! I like this post!Join me and get #FitForGood with  by using your steps to support a charity from Nov 9-20! just joined #FitForGood with  to support  the Roach name needs to be Dead! Lol  that's what I hear. I never was on it  You know I don't know. Lol yet another great one!!Loving yourself means accepting your strengths and weaknesses, and working on building and correcting what needs to be d DUN DUN DUNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!! #DisGusTing! O_o  Hecks yeah!!! I voted yes on 3! Thank me later!!!  Well that's in the US. Lol  Elections? LolI found this to be rather interesting... need ppl to stop and think about why does the Nile and and the Amazon rivers flow from south to north.Dick Gregory... that dude is so deep that all I can do is smh when I hear him I speak.Look into Executive Order 13603.  No I wasn't thinking you were judging! I agree with you.These archival photos show the faces of the Tuskegee experiment  Its going to be a good one! I wish that Scott would have been on Nora's team Do you think over crowding of populations have anything to do with the #youthviolence that is taking place? #AskWHO you think that could be the beginning of her school to prison pipeline journey as well huh! Me too! ppl on general growing up in crowded communities are more likely to be violent. This can be proven with rat studies.  and that's the problem, it won't ever happen to their kids. #PolicePrivilege#AskWHO is it true that communities that live crowded on top of each other is more prone to violence because of the living conditions?#AskWHO does anyone ever think why these children act out? Are they eating at home? Is school the only place they're getting a meal? let's not even give his YouTube video hits This guy.... :(Moon affects water... You know low and hide tide. Would you believe that the moon affects humans seeing that we are mostly water?Do you know that EVERY pastor, minister, pope, priest or whatever heads your church know that Christianity comes from the ancient Kemet?Today in . ~ #CDCRally VACCINE Autism CoverUP#CDCwhistleblower #CDCTruth man... I asked about a year ago and there were no plans at that time. This guy can kick rocks, blow bricks and suck monkey nuts! I can dig that! But real talk... I done told you about how good the calamari salad is to me! I have to get there. There isn't one in Akron, so... I ate the rival today! Sorry! :( Its been a while since I have been there for my fix.. maybe next weekWell... It is. Take an hour of your life and watch below. Open your eyes! Awake my ppl, awake! Would you believe me if I told you that Ethiopia was the birth place of Christianity???Im just putting it out there!... If thats too much for you then you can start at Isis and Osiris. I mean... Its just history.You want to know the truth about the story of Jesus and the virgin Mary??? You may want to look up Ausar, Auset and Heru.. BUT... Do you guys still have the Eerie Estate? I thought that was a great haunted house. The #Maverick hands down!I'll leave this right here... http://t.co/T2NEl06k7STwo new #Ebola cases have been reported from #Guinea - in Conakry and ForecariahDid you know about this! black women odds of Infant Mortality.... http://t.co/ZzXvemftP0 true story... Bad ass kids! Lol best way to monitor is to not let them have oneMcGraw-Hill to rewrite textbook after mom's complaint  http://t.co/UQDxHJ6Ihj I don't drink coffee, but I really love Angel Falls! between the world and me! The book is right! hmmmmmmmm....We love endless shrimp! We all endless shrimp and share all of the endless goodness! #EndlessReasonsContest  reasons are endless! #EndlessReasonsContest   Yes, yes... Fuck you too! Lol. doesn't think Ohioans support Planned Parenthood, tell him you #StandWithPP.  http://t.co I got one yesterday! Piada Beachwood had BOGO! #winning that calamari salad.... Man!TIMEs new cover: Bernie. How he brought fire back to the Democratic Party https://t.co/fySgu55IiT"]