[' close, but Im still lost. is she snoring? I dont know what any of these words meanout on bail, fresh outta jail, shkrelis streamin  literally any other     Holiday Party Uniform comes out once per year     Im wearing velour ffs     no such thing     put on a smoking jacketstill cant believe how nobody is talking about how sarah koenig said at at instead of a tee a tee in this weeks serial episode phonetically pronounced AT-AT lol at this tweet earning you a pitch via twitter. but you have no ideadamn i never got to read  oncethis is a stat you should probably be aware of if youre planning to name your child lesterhow long does it take a six year old to make the leap from seeing the name lester and calling that person mo-lester pre-marshmallow.BlackBerry says it needs 5 million annually for device business to succeed. This doesn\'t get them there. he tested one and it was so onerous to set up and use that we scrapped the review. its unreviewable. this is true! these are the dumbest because they have backing of really big companies and people are actually buying them. no, trust me, the Canary is NOT good. its a pile of garb.  knows.a security camera that doesnt connect to any emergency servicesa baby monitor that doesnt provide a constant feedthe internet of things is full of really dumb ideas, but i contend that wi-fi cameras (aka dropcams) are the dumbest reviewed the Lumia 950XL and found its really not any different from the Lumia 950 (aka it sux)  yeah, so the problem with doze is well, she is my kidso shes got a lot of inherited handicaps and baggage to overcome also, not really fixed. there are four phones in the world with 6.0.my 4yo comes up to my office, looks at my phone:that phone looks like it has games on it for memy favorite feature of android is the battery depleting while the phone is just sitting on my desk or even early! what a time to be alive it will bewhy cant every online retailer run a massive nationwide shipping operation on razor thin profit marginswhat is it called when you bought something online on Monday and it hasnt shipped by Friday?spoiled by amazon, amirite? mmmmmmmmm pretty sure thats how works, tim been listening to it for two minutes and im calling it, album of the year.BARONYESSSSSSSSSSSSNEW BARONESS NEW BARONESS BEW NARONESS SDKJGHSLKHAGH  stoked that slack finally added a DND mode. pretty stunned that it took them this long to do it.16yo zit faced dweeb running the projector appreciates your applausepeoplewhoclapinmovietheaters dot tumblr dot comYou know its a startup when the default do not disturb schedule is 10pm-8am.is insanity: Schools Closed in Virginia District After Uproar Over Arabic Calligraphy Lesson  this is your own of the week, farhad. and I thought it was big then!Microsoft Word for iOS is now *345MB*  TC only goes to carriers that sell phones with 3D cameras *waits for clueless social media intern to ask how they can help you stay* doesnt change the fact that its ugly af. I refuse to fix this typo no if anything inky taste has gotten worse no for once I am not that is ugly afbut baroness new album comes out tomorrow and will save us all from our sinsmetal music has gotten really bad in the ten years or so since I last paid attention to it what if I told u to lagerfeld itnot seeing the star war tonight or tomorrow or this weekend so I guess Ill watch every episode of rob schneiders netflix show  windownedIve gone all of 2015 without buying an Apple product but I have a sudden urge to get an Apple Watch and not sure I can get thru next 2wks  hi *walks up to mic**taps twice**whispers*filter: mark as read and archive IF text=welcome delete everything never look backseriously wtf. and the guy on the phone didnt even skip a beat, like it was normal or some shit. is happening is this real life like the entire island of Manhattan has never heard of a hooded rain jacket  WHAT ABOUT FOR MY DROIDDDDD CASEYit is nothing short of a miracle that I didnt get stabbed in the eye by an umbrella on the streets of Manhattan today delete your accountsing different u kno whats even betterdeleting the emailgfy are the seats behind a pole heard u like microsoft apps so we made a microsoft app to help you find microsoft appsyo dawg also use clearly all the time on the desktop because my eyes are shitting the bed. this kinda sucks all around.i use skitch on android/iOS all the time. anyone got alternatives since evernote is killing it? move tbh just saw that start up holiday parody video and i dont care that its almost 3:30pm bc im going back to bedI just could not even with Fossil\'s "curiosity" challenges thats the entertainment bit, andy. come on, keep up!this martin shkreli stuff is the ultimate crossover news story: gaming, entertainment, science, business, the rich, horrible people yeah, it did that on all the platforms for me. but i changed it back on mac and its still broken. sorry about that. Will be fixed soon I hope (waiting for Apple to approve).just got a pitch from a french company called Weenin French, le verge means penisI guess it all comes around i just wanted to use the gif, david.rekt mean tweetmarker syncsync is completely busted in the latest version of tweetbot for macphil schiller is taking over charge of the App Store apple devs be like https://t.co/zM9CsRi0cj']